democrats are likely to hold on to their seats in west virginia and missouri , and are expected to notch safe wins in races for seats they hold in vermont and delaware . " a [ mitt ] romney victory would dramatically empower republican governors , " kousser says . state-by-state view north carolina : one-term incumbent democratic gov . lincoln chafee is an independent . just look at what happened when the obama administration in 2010 offered federal stimulus money to states to begin building a high-speed rail network . mccrory lost a story_separator_special_tag gop eyes gains as voters in 11 states pick governors jim cole / ap i jim cole / ap voters in 11 states will pick their governors tonight , and republicans appear on track to increase their numbers by at least one , and with the potential to extend their hold to more than two-thirds of the nation ' s top state offices .
secondly , the removal of the facebook john snow kiss-in event : it turns out that the facebook event for the john snow kiss-in was not blocked by facebook , but made private by the creator of the event itself . this seems to have confused some people . ” thanks for clearing that up , paul . however , since this episode aired ( october 2008 ) christian now has a boyfriend and a few more gay kisses have taken place . update : 4/19/2001 read richard metzger : how i , a married , middle-aged man , became an accidental spokesperson for gay rights overnight on boing boing it ’ s time to clarify a few details about the controversial “hey facebook what ’ s so wrong with a pic of two men kissing ?
she also said there ' s support for the split in sacramento . " " the state of jefferson is the place i want to raise my son , " kayla brown said . humboldt county supervisor rex bohn told the times-standard that his board would probably meet to consider their options . ” many proposed laws are unconstitutional and deny us our god-given rights , ” said gabe garrison of happy camp . advertisement doug lamalfa . it ' s the golden state ' s latest version of the great secession . proponents say siskiyou should form a new state -- called jefferson -- with other counties in northern california and southern oregon they believe share similar interests .
after he was rescued , he noted that a " burning platform " caused a radical change in his behaviour . richard holway , chairman of analyst techmarketview , said given that microsoft paid $ 8.5bn for skype in 2011 , the price it is paying for nokia story_separator_special_tag microsoft is buying nokia ' s cell phone business and licensing its patent portfolio , according to both companies . it was unexpected . the man survived the fall and the waters . over the past few months , we cannot risk having apple or google foreclose app innovation , integration , distribution or economics .
how the case will be resolved is unclear , partly because the conservative justices often see limits on government employee ’ s first amendment rights when their speech is at issue . it was not long ago that republican appointees like justices john paul stevens and david h. they also contend that unions should have to get permission before collecting dues used for political purposes , as opposed to the current system that requires objecting employees to opt out . amar , dean of the university of illinois college of law . souter routinely voted with the court ’ s liberal wing .
woodward said . ” historian and author david freeland told silverman that the find “would make it very likely the oldest building remaining in manhattan. · landmarks commission : no jurisdiction to mandate historic site survey at 50 bowery [ tld ] · all coverage of bull ' s head tavern [ ~eny~ ] ” that has woodward hoping city officials will act quickly to preserve the site . “there are treasures inside , ” said mr. he decided to poke around and , in the basement , woodward found what he believes are colonial-era , hand-hewn and hand-planed joists and foundation walls .
( reporting by yeganeh torbati ; editing by alistair lyon ) story_separator_special_tag gaza israel said it struck targets in the gaza strip on monday after palestinian militants fired rockets at southern israel , in what they said was a response to an israeli air strike that killed one militant and wounded a second a day earlier . israeli defense officials have not confirmed this . the border is tense , with frequent clashes . iran has responded with threats to attack u.s. military bases in the region and retaliate against israel if attacked . an israeli warplane shot it down above a forest near the occupied west bank .
” the 1911 painting , “la coiffeuse , ” which translates to “the hairdresser , ” was unearthed in december in a fedex shipment from belgium to newark . " a lost treasure has been found , " u.s. attorney loretta lynch said in a statement . the oil painting is owned by the french government ; it had been bequeathed to the national museums of france by one of its former directors . on dec. they declared the painting , then valued more than $ 2.5 million , stolen . officials there thought it was safe and sound until they received a loan request for it in 2001 , searched the storerooms and could not find it .
paul this weeklooking to up your appreciation of the arts ? story_separator_special_tag st. paul ' s top 3 dive bars " best burger in town . minneapolis moonshine : 5 of the city ' s top distillerieswe crunched the numbers to find the top distilleries in minneapolis , to help you find the best spots to meet your needs . artsy deals worth seeking out in st. mike ' s mix : crooked water spirits &amp; the ' bb ' boulevardierthis cocktail is a riff on the classic boulevardier cocktail ; which , itself , is a bourbon-base version of a negroni .
miles that officer santander was shot in the back of the head and officer almeida was shot in the face . renee hall said at a news conference wednesday morning . dallas police chief u. he ' s being held at the dallas county jail on charges of aggravated assault on a public servant and felony theft . “we ’ re asking you to continue to pray for the [ santander ] family and the dpd family. police arrested juarez following a high-speed car chase . painter both remain hospitalized . ( associated press ) law enforcement officers stand guard at the driveway entrance to the emergency room at presbyterian hospital in dallas .
the caller made 28 false distress alerts from annapolis , maryland , beginning in july 2014 , according to the coast guard . “a hoax call is a deadly and serious offense , ” said lt. cmdr . “calls like these not only put our crews at risk , but they put the lives of the public at risk. baltimore ( ap ) — the u.s. coast guard says it ' s looking for a man who has cost the service about $ 500,000 after responding to nearly 30 of his fake distress calls . each call involved the same male voice and used an emergency radio channel .
on the mailer , there is a picture of a cat peeking out from behind a laptop decorated with ohio-themed obama campaign stickers highlighting the push to get people to vote early . sarah palin ’ s political action committee , sarah pac , also chipped in $ 5,000 last week . text size - + reset photos : stars hit up the swing states play slideshow politico ’ s late night roundup author anne rice , disney tv animation executive producer dan povenmire , and comedy writer ian maxtone-graham are other notable obama contributors . hwalker@observer.com follow hunter walker on twitter or via rss .
story_separator_special_tag huntington beach ( cbsla ) – the shooting deaths of two brothers inside a huntington beach apartment were being investigated tuesday as the result of a possible murder-suicide , authorities said . we ’ re not ruling out an accident-suicide . wire services contributed to this report. david dereszynski . all rights reserved . ” though police would not give many details about the investigation yet , they did say a handgun was found at the scene . , according to the orange county coroner ’ s office . but we are not looking for any outstanding suspects.
article excerpt washington — behind the political showdown over the deadly u.s. consulate attack in benghazi , libya , are a few dozen heavily edited words . that moment has become a proxy for a ... the 94-word intelligence summary emerged from a daylong email debate between more than two dozen intelligence officials , in which they contested and whittled the available evidence into a bland summary with no reference to al qaeda , an assessment the administration now acknowledges was wide of the mark . story_separator_special_tag article excerpt washington — behind the political showdown over the deadly u.s. consulate attack in benghazi , libya , are a few dozen heavily edited words .
related : amazing drone video of icelandic volcano " the new island is more than one kilometer ... 14 , 2015 and released by new zealand ' s ministry of foreign affairs and trade , a volcano erupts near tonga in the south pacific ocean . that will come as a relief to airlines , as it is the ash that can be dangerous to planes . it began rumbling on december 20. officials say the volcano is erupting from two vents . it was a bit eerie . fournier said the ocean around the island is likely fairly shallow , perhaps only about 100-200 meters ( 328-656 feet ) deep .
in 2014 , an estimated 16 million children , or about one in five , received food stamp assistance compared with the roughly 9 million children , or one in eight , that received this form of assistance prior to the recession . the median age for people first getting married in 2014 was 29 for men and 27 for women up from 24 and 21 respectively in 1947. in 2013 , the house voted to cut $ 39 billion from food stamps over a decade , and almost a year ago , president barack obama signed a final deal that will cut just $ 8.7 billion from the program over ten years .
“share it away , " king said on facebook . king begins to communicate with the woman using sign language , and the barista signs right back . " king does not respond and waits in her seat . she says its about time someone created this device to help them . " what can we get started for you today ? " starbucks ! johns county . ” st. dr. “i think it ' s awesome because it gives the deaf opportunity to order in a different way through the window , ” dr.
taking a living queen conch is illegal . conch shells are an important part of florida keys culture . a florida judge also sentenced diana fiscal-gonzalez of dallas to serve six months of probation and pay a $ 500 fine , plus $ 268 for court costs , for taking 40 queen conchs from the waters that surround key west , the miami herald reports . follow ashley may on twitter : @ashleymaytweets https://usat.ly/2uwcufe story_separator_special_tag she said she didn ’ t know it was illegal to take conchs . recreational collection of empty seashells is allowed in florida , but the conch shells fiscal-gonzalez collected contained organisms inside .
the second ex-wife of peter cook has issued a written apology to his first wife — supermodel christie brinkley — for ignoring her warning about the architect ’ s philandering . ” shaw barked back . “come up with a new line ! “when you find out he ’ s been cheating on you , i ’ ll be here for you , ” brink­ley said in a courthouse hallway . ” christie ’ s six-year marriage to cook imploded in 2007 after she learned of his affair with 18-year-old office clerk diana bianchi . i am putting this behind me.
2. will the ‘not-mitt ’ movement dent romney ’ s armor ? ” cain signaled in a press conference tuesday that he hopes to move on from battling charges of personal misconduct and get back to talking about policy . focusing on cain ’ s circus rather than , say , high unemployment is bad for the republican brand , so they may instead let him bleed slowly as they avert their eyes . “i think there will be a desire by all the candidates to stay on [ economic ] issues and focus on those issues .
’ ” there ’ s a fly parked on phil ’ s long beard . " i didn ' t think much of it at all , but it seems a lot of other people did , " he said . ( too late ! robertson added that his gq comments were quotes from the bible . he is welcoming and gracious . “the almighty gave us this . safety first . no cities . animals are wild. phil is not wearing one . he is a man who preaches the gospel of the outdoors and , to my great envy , practices what he preaches .
" moving rhinos is complicated , akin to moving gold bullion , it requires extremely careful planning and security due to the value of these rare animals , " kahumbu said in a statement . a kenyan wildlife ... kenya transported 149 rhinos between 2005 and 2017 with eight deaths , the wildlife ministry said . conservationists in africa have been working hard to protect the black rhino sub-species from poachers targeting them for their horns to supply an illegal asian market . according to wwf , black rhino populations declined dramatically in the 20th century , mostly at the hands of european hunters and settlers .
officials say south korean troops at the border heard gunshots , confirmed the north korean soldier ' s desire to defect , and escorted him to a guard post . he is now undergoing interrogation . they ' ve been screened and they do not put people there who would be considered disloyal , ” he said . the soldier said he shot dead two officers before crossing over just after noon ( 03 : 00 gmt ) on saturday . the last soldier fled in 2010. however , there is no sign of any unusual activity on the northern side .
” said thomas. it ’ s not just the feather river . “eureka ! “miner gary ” thomas said he always finds at least a little gold here on his property near jamestown in tuolumne county , but this year , there ’ s so much more runoff than normal and it ’ s shaking the gold from these hills . “eveything i had dug up and now my dig spots are all gone. curtis barwick was in oroville saturday waiting for the prospecting store to open . dan reidel — enterprise-record oroville >> now is not the time to quit your day job in hopes of striking it rich .
” today north carolina couple deena murphy and timothy sullivan are suing the show ' s production company . they also say any work done on the show was work that they ’ d previously made plans for with another company , werx-design build . ... related : ' fixer upper ' : what it ' s actually like to be on the home show the show ’ s premise is to renovate a family ’ s home while the owners contemplate moving into a new home . in their lawsuit , murphy and sullivan describe big coat ’ s business model as “skewed.
geyser has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect . anissa weier is brought into court for a hearing last month . weier and geyser , both 14 , were 12 when prosecutors say they plotted and attempted to kill their sixth-grade classmate and friend payton leutner in may 2014. one of weier ' s attorneys , maura mcmahon , said the defense had not yet decided . 9 for that change of plea . she remains at a west bend juvenile detention center . the victim crawled out of the woods to get help .
aiello was read his miranda rights and interviewed by police , during which he confirmed he was at his stepdaughter ' s home at about 3 p.m. , the document said . 8 , to bring her pizza , according to court records . 8. aiello is married to navarra ’ s 92-year-old mother . the data showed a significant spike in her heart rate sept. 25 , police said . police said navarra was found slumped over in a chair , clutching a large kitchen knife with a “gaping ” slit to her neck . homicide investigators across the country have turned to fitness trackers to help piece together timelines , movements and other key information for their cases
the first allegation , filed by a female student called “jane roe ” in the lawsuit , was decided in “john doe ’ s ” favor in 2014. title ix is in place to ensure that universities don ' t discriminate against students and faculty based on gender . the suit asks for more than $ 175,000 in damages . the male student , from somers , n.y. university of chicago / facebook amid a high-profile controversy at the university of chicago over the value of trigger warnings and " intellectual safe spaces , " a male student is suing the hyde park school on the grounds that it is not a safe space for young men .
and it ' s the balanced approach , " plouffe said . asked why the law isn ' t more popular , plouffe said that hundreds of millions of dollars have been spent attacking it and that the major benefits won ' t kick in until 2014. " we are confident it will be upheld , " plouffe said on abc ' s " this week , " a day before oral arguments open on the case . ... obama , however , remains opposed to gay marriage . paul ryan ( r-wis. ) with the republican presidential front runner mitt romney .
rodarte led police to the body , jso said . gold ’ s coworker at bonefish grill , manager lee rodarte , 28 , became a suspect after discrepancies were found in his story , jso said . “hey i just wanted to tell you and mom i met a really great guy and we ’ re running away together , ” she texted her father , according to a missing persons report . — in west jacksonville . jso said video surveillance showed a possible struggle inside rodarte ' s car . judge ordered rodarte be held without bond on the murder charge .
meanwhile , sources say rihanna ’ s management is deeply divided on how to deal with the “chris brown issue. nude billboard of rihanna is centre of attention in times square she ' s no stranger to stripping off in an effort to promote herself . she has been taking more vacations , wearing more wild outfits , posting more on twitter . ! ! f*** you .... i love its duality . they sat on the same couch together rooting for the heat . ” the pair then left separately — with brown exiting first with his pals — while rihanna and her family remained behind to watch the manny pacquiao – timothy bradley fight .
” reached for comment ” prince ’ s 2007 performance — which saw him playing a galvanizing version of “purple rain ” in a rainstorm — is widely regarded as the all-time best halftime set . it ’ s a dream come true for adam levine and his six bandmates . " we are continuing to work with pepsi on our plans , but do not have any announcements to make on what will be another epic show . 19. football fans , get ready to rock . one of the great challenges in choosing a halftime performer isn ’ t just its mainstream appeal , but in finding an artist who hasn ’ t already performed .
provided by fbi rocky mountain safe streets task force authorities are looking for this man , accused of taking a cab to rob a bank in centennial . he got into the cab near the bellco theater in downtown denver and took it to the credit union at 6850 s. he wore a black beanie cap , dark gray jacket , black shirt with white letters , dark jeans and dark sunglasses . yosemite st. , where he showed a small pistol and ordered a teller to give him an undisclosed amount of money before fleeing the bank .
by way of explanation , antimo palumbo , a tree historian who was standing by spelacchio ’ s side on friday morning , pointed at the concrete all over its roots . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . aurreikusi story_separator_special_tag rome — no sooner had workers hoisted a 72-foot tall norway spruce in rome ’ s central piazza venezia this month than the mocking began . “you see that ? ” he told me .
, sought a promise from kavanaugh that he would be willing to serve as a check on the president who nominated him . " sen. mazie hirono , d-hawaii , complained that the supreme court had been unduly deferential to president trump this summer when it upheld his travel ban , despite what she called the administration ' s " obviously bogus " justification bush white house spotlighted the simmering frustrations from democrats over how republicans have kept secret vast parts of kavanaugh ’ s voluminous paper trail . — mark berman 8 : 55 p.m. cory booker ( d-n.j.
story_separator_special_tag cartoon wars part i cartman and kyle are at war over the popular cartoon , " family guy . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . " when the creators of the show announce that they will show the image of the prophet muhammad , the network threatens to ban the episode . cartman sees this as his chance to get " family guy " off the air for good .
obama and mr. the president regularly brings in more than $ 1 million in a single evening of fundraising , as supporters donate the legal maximum of $ 35,800 to his campaign and the democratic party for the chance to have dinner and take a picture with the president . that gap underscores the growing alienation from mr. no other major candidate has done so . since this spring , mr. mr. mr. obama among many rank-and-file financial professionals and mr. obama continues to dominate mr. obama recently called himself the " underdog " in the race .
firefighters work at the scene where a large tree fell on a wedding party in whittier , calif. the five people who were injured suffered minor and moderate injuries and were taken to a hospital for treatment . it was too early to say what may have caused the tree to story_separator_special_tag skip in skip x embed x share one woman was killed when a eucalyptus tree collapsed on a wedding party taking photos in southern california time los angeles county fire dept . 17 . jason zuhlke of the whittier police department . ( published sunday , dec.
the pair eluded authorities for three days before being apprehended at a motel along busy interstate 95 , not far from the prison from which causey escaped on wednesday . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . the director also said the men had fashioned fake heads out of toilet paper and put them in their beds , fooling officers at a 7 : 15 a.m. prisoner count . he and another inmate , convicted murderer johnny brewer , escaped broad river correctional institution in columbia in 2005 by hiding in a trash truck .
she ’ s the person who told a conference call of reporters , “i ’ m not that good at math , ” even though she ’ s a manager in an agency that ’ s at bottom all about math . ) and john mccain ( r-ariz. " this and further corrective action are vital in restoring the confidence of the american people . sen. reps. lerner will likely have to make her way back to capitol hill in the coming weeks , after house oversight chairman darrell issa ( r-calif. advertisement the irs announced in an internal memo circulated to the media that ken corbin will be taking over as the acting director of the tax-exempt organizations division .
clinton ' s relationship with houston and her talks with the dead a secret . " she usually responds by telling me to buck up , or at least to grow skin as thick as a rhinoceros , " mrs. story_separator_special_tag we ' ve detected that javascript is disabled in your browser . ... yes tonight cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight . chance of snow 90 % . low 24f . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . to some of the few who did , the meetings could trigger politically damaging comparisons to nancy reagan ' s use of astrology , " woodward wrote .
doctors sometimes reconstruct the form of a penis from a patient ' s own skin , usually to treat congenital abnormalities or during transgender surgery . " we just felt there were too many unanswered ethical questions " with that extra step , said hopkins ' dr. three other successful penis transplants have been reported , two in south africa and one in 2016 at massachusetts general hospital . redett said he expects the patient will regain the ability to urinate by the time he leaves the hospital later this week . the scrotum transplant did not include the donor ' s testicles , meaning reproduction won ' t be possible .
it ' s heartbreaking , " clark said . melquan was their firstborn and one of three children . two of melquan ' s friends ran to help . a live wire was reportedly touching the fence , and when melquan grabbed the fence , he was electrocuted , bowen said . " our thoughts and prayers are with the families of all involved in this accident , " mayor hardie davis said in a statement . deputies say melquan had no pulse . both boys were shocked too , taken to the hospital , but survived . " tuesday , october 16 , 2018 ( news 12 first at 5 / news 12 at 6 o ’ clock / nbc 26 at 7 ) augusta , ga.
hawaii ' s marriage laws allow couples to register for a license and be married the same day , a process conducive for tourists only in the state a short time . " the machinery of marriage is already in place here . " la croix estimates that over the next three years , gay marriage will boost tourism in hawaii by $ 217 million . akao started his company with his business partner less than six months ago , just before hawaii gov . ap ' s earlier story is below . " it ' s the great weather , it ' s the warm water , it ' s the beautiful scenery .
" in response , the new york stock exchange has also stopped trading in all nasdaq securities at the request of nasdaq omx . [ updated with nyse developments. the exchange sent out a series of emails alerting investors that it was experiencing issues with " quote submissions . there was no immediate word on when transactions will resume . ] read the full story : nasdaq halts all trade in nasdaq-listed securities u.s. stocks up ; nasdaq-listed trade halted story_separator_special_tag article excerpt a technical glitch knocked out trading in all nasdaq stock market securities for three hours thursday afternoon , an unprecedented meltdown for a u.s. exchange that paralyzed a broad swath of markets and highlighted the fragility of the financial world ' s electronic backbone .
there are two main actions that take place when working with snow shovels : lifting is involved in the use of snow and scoop shovels . " [ t ] his is not nigger driving , " taylor said ( that ' s how progressives talked in 1911 ) ; " this is kindness ; this is teaching ; this is doing what i would like mighty well to have done to me if i were a boy trying to learn how to do something . hand grips clinically proven beneficial for prevention of low back injuries . neutral limb alignment and hand position also reduce fatigue and blisters .
" idina menzel and taye diggs have jointly decided to separate at this time , " reps for the couple tell people exclusively . " their primary focus and concern is for their son . photos : hollywood ' s most expensive divorces as recently as october , diggs told us , " we ' re doing good ! we ask that you respect their privacy during this time . we try not to be away from each other for more than two weeks at a time , and we try to find new ways to communicate . they married in 2003 and had a son , walker , in september 2009.menzel , a tony award winner for wicked who ' s currently voicing a character in frozen , spoke to people about the marriage earlier this year , saying it wasn ' t always smooth sailing .
the roman temple was razed and excavations beneath it revealed a tomb hewn from a limestone cave . while it is archaeologically impossible to say that the tomb is the burial site of an individual jew known as jesus of nazareth , who according to new testament accounts was crucified in jerusalem in 30 or 33 , new dating results put the original construction of today ' s tomb complex securely in the time of constantine , rome ' s first christian emperor . " some researchers they also used ground-penetrating radar and laser scanning . “there are many , many stories still to be told.
picasso ’ s 1943 self-portrait " le marin " source : christie ’ s “le marin , ” a 1943 self-portrait , was damaged friday “during the final stages of preparation ” for auction tuesday and pulled from the block , christie ’ s said in a statement . that piece , also owned by wynn , is estimated at $ 25 million to $ 35 million . — with assistance by peter jeffrey story_separator_special_tag follow albrecht dürer ( 1471-1528 ) the four horsemen of the apocal ... he has denied wrongdoing . lin wood , a spokesman for wynn , declined to comment .
sierra nevada brewing co. in chico , california , in making resilience butte county proud ipa , the proceeds of which will support camp fire relief efforts . our suppliers donated ingredients to every brewery nationwide . many of our employees and community members were severely impacted by this tragic event . sierra nevada founder ken grossman reached out to other small breweries across the country and shared the recipe . available late december ! are you a professional brewery or homebrew shop that would like to join the cause ? the fire burned more than 153,000 acres , killed at least 85 people , and destroyed more than 13,000 homes .
" thankfully for the couple and their two children , tarek ' s cancer is currently in remission and they remain cautiously optimistic for what may come . " photos : stars we ' ve lost in recent years tarek -- who was diagnosed in 2013 -- admitted that at the age of 31 , the cancer diagnosis was particularly tough to take . " i have slowed down quite a bit . " flip or flop airs thursdays ( 9 p.m. et ) on hgtv.for more on the which is actually a good thing because i can actually relax now .
he ’ s due to stand trial in washington next month on the obstruction charges as well as charges of money laundering and failure to register for his own lobbying work in ukraine . a onetime state department official under president george w. , prosecutors said . no date has been set for his sentencing . patten ’ s plea agreement also included the suggestion that the trump inaugural committee improperly accepted funds from a foreigner . his work for cambridge analytica came during the 2014 election cycle , the daily beast reported in april . the nature of his cooperation isn ’ t clear .
some early rumours among koreans alleged ms park could have been involved with cultish rituals with her friend ms choi . story_separator_special_tag park geun-hye ’ s aides say branded and generic versions were purchased to treat altitude sickness for staff on trips to elevated capitals in africa south korea president park geun-hye ’ s office has confirmed revelations by an opposition lawmaker that it purchased about 360 erectile dysfunction viagra pills and the generic version of the drug in december . you might also like : how will india destroy 20 billion banknotes ? agence france-presse and associated press contributed to this report
" it is a large area for a small submersible that has a very narrow field of search , and of course , it is literally crawling along the bottom of the ocean , " he said . up to 14 planes and 14 ships are scouring the 30,000-square-mile search zone . houston ' s comments about deploying the sub contradicted an earlier statement from australia ' s acting prime minister , warren truss , who said search crews would launch the bluefin 21 autonomous sub on tuesday . still , officials warned it could take days to determine whether the sounds were connected to flight 370 , which vanished march 8 on a flight from kuala lumpur , malaysia , to beijing with 239 on board .
as one of the founding members of the citizens group palo alto forward and a member of the city ' s planning and transportation commission , she also has been a vehement critic of the city ' s recent tilt toward slow-growth policies , and its failure to address a housing shortage that many in the community and some on the city council believe has reached a crisis level . this is unaffordable even for an attorney and a software engineer . we already see openings at our story_separator_special_tag property type house condo townhouse multi-family land other include mls-listed homes mls-listed homes mls-listed foreclosures include : all listings only non-foreclosures only foreclosures for-sale-by-owner homes for-sale-by-owner homes foreclosed homes foreclosed homes sale records sale records for : last 1 week last 1 month last 3 months last 6 months last 1 year last 2 years last 3 years all schools home facts baths : no min 1+ 1.25+ 2+ 3+ 4+ 5+ 6+ square feet : no min 500 750 1,000 1,250 1,500 1,750 2,000 2,250 2,500 2,750 3,000 3,500 4,000 5,000 7,500 to no max 500 750 1,000 1,250 1,500 1,750 2,000 2,250 2,500 2,750 3,000 3,500 4,000 5,000 7,500 lot size : no min 2,000 sq ft 4,500 sq ft 6,500 sq ft 8,000 sq ft 10,890 sq ft / .25 acres 21,780 sq ft / .5 acres 1 acre 2 acres 3 acres 4 acres 5 acres 10 acres 40 acres 100 acres to no max 2,000 sq ft 4,500 sq ft 6,500 sq ft 8,000 sq ft 10,890 sq ft / .25 acres 21,780 sq ft / .5 acres 1 acre 2 acres 3 acres 4 acres 5 acres 10 acres 40 acres 100 acres parking : no min 1+ story_separator_special_tag for the past two years , kate downing has been one of palo alto ' s most passionate advocates for building more affordable housing .
over the years , the royal family have embraced dogs as their favoured pets . formal portraits from the 17th century onwards show kings , queens and their children happily posing with their beloved animals , from pugs to greyhounds , king charles spaniels to corgis . spaniels are one of the oldest known breeds of dogs and are believed to have to come to the uk during caesar ’ s invasion in 55 and 54 bc . " william and catherine fell in love with the pup instantly and it wasn ' t long before they decided to keep him , " a palace aide told the magazine .
" you can ' t tell a 22-year-old to turn off their cellphone . he ’ s pushing to expand amc ’ s food options , bolster its loyalty program and market more aggressively . " we have heard loud and clear this is a concept our audience does not want , " said amc theatres ceo adam aron said in a statement . di moito cun pouco when you see a tweet you love , tap the heart — it lets the person who wrote it know you shared the love . some moves may ruffle feathers . ( photo : frederic j.
simpson . he is expected to be released as early as october -- and said he plans to move to his home in florida . simpson ' s appearance before the board garnered wall-to-wall coverage from cable news shows , coverage that recalled the " trial of the century , " and the many months more than 20 years ago when it transfixed a nation . simpson that for a little while filled tv screens across america on thursday . and us . o.j . " nothing i can do about that . " he should wish he didn ' t make all those calls after my call , " riccio told cnn .
he said at that point , mack began attacked him physically by grabbing him under his arms , shaking , and pushing him . baio is one of trump ’ s strongest celebrity supporters in hollywood . an interview he gave to virgin radio was transcribed by alternative nation , in which he called trump supporters “uneducated whites ” who vote for a “sexual predator. mack is listed as a battery suspect . according to baio , it stemmed from a political disagreement rooted in his outspoken support of donald trump ' s presidential campaign . ‘let ’ s not just make america great again let ’ s make america ..
“there ’ s no way unless he ’ s got dementia or something that he ’ s got no recollection of what was going on at ohio state , ” said coleman , who said he was jordan ' s roommate on several wrestling trips . " dunyasha comes back and tells jimmy , ‘seriously , why do i have to pull down my pants for a thumb injury? the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . / updated by corky siemaszko rep. messrs. jordan in an interview wednesday . jordan , via spokesman ian fury , has denied any knowledge of the abuse .
' " the woman was able to provide medlin with the make and color of the vehicle and told him she believed she was headed to fayetteville . that ' s when medlin had an idea . i can go home . on jan. lt. " they located her . he called back but could not reach the woman . the woman also gave authorities the name of her boyfriend - nicholas mattevi . ' the immediate response after that was , ' help me. story_separator_special_tag a 911 dispatcher ' s quick thinking may have saved a life or prevented a more serious crime .
this system is already in use in several parts of europe . story_separator_special_tag advertisement recently received a new credit card that has a microchip on its front ? federal law requires banks to reimburse consumers for different types of fraud . and they will still work at payment terminals that have been updated to accommodate chips . according to visa ' s stephanie erickson , head of authentication product integration , while criminals were able to make counterfeit physical copies of magnetic strip-based cards , the chip-based cards will make the process more difficult . since the chips contain data relating to a specific purchase , their reproduction is tough .
stop using 14-year-old to promote sex tape exclusive images of a 14-year-oldhave no business on a pippi longstocking sex tape website ... just out of it . erin didn ' t hit them all at once -- we ' re told she hit the first car then drove off ... curiously , the biggest chunk of traffic comes from sweden.bork , bork , bork ! story_separator_special_tag pippi longstocking busted ... and now a major hollywood movie studio is gearing up for war , tmz has learned.we know ... for felony hit and run pippi longstocking -- arrested for felony hit and run exclusive tami erin -- the actress who played -- was arrested saturday afternoon for felony hit and run and drunk driving ...
and perhaps it was an excellent idea . fraternity membership surged to 327,260 in 2011 from 253,148 in 2005. “you ’ ve got a group of guys who watch out for you when you ’ re drinking , ” ross , 18 , said after unpacking his bags at freshman orientation on the san luis obispo campus . whether phil toledano it takes a certain kind of personal-injury lawyer to look at the facts of this glittering night and wrest from them a plausible plaintiff and defendant , unless it were possible for travis hughes to be sued by his own anus .
meanwhile , irene weakened slightly to a category 2 storm as it approached the east coast , where a hurricane warning was also extended to new jersey . traffic on route 168 crawled as lines of sport-utility vehicles with surfboards and fishing rods mounted on their roofs headed north from the barrier islands . chris christie said.runtime : topic id= " plgeo100100804000000 " >new york city officials said they “we just thought better safe than sorry. martin luther king jr. johnson sr. the storm is 105 miles ( 169 kilometers ) east-northeast of nassau , the bahamas .
used coffee grounds produced a new alcoholic beverage with 40 % ethanol . to evaluate the product , eight trained taste testers were brought in and rated the intensity of different smells and flavors in the alcohol . now you can get a new kind of buzz from coffee . reporting on a new study for science , nisha giridharan details how to make what could soon be your new favorite drink : the scientists first collected from a portuguese coffee roasting company and dried it . ) and voilà ! to answer this call , some scientists examined the potential of used coffee grounds .
" he sends the assurance of his prayers for the dead and his spiritual closeness to their families and to all affected from this act of senseless and diabolical violence . cardinal pietro parolin secretary of state " officials and witnesses in yemen said gunmen on friday stormed a retirement home run by a charity established by mother teresa , moving room to room handcuffing the victims before shooting them in the head . ” it concludes with a strong appeal for an end to the ongoing violence in yemen . more than 6,000 people have been killed and 2.4 million people displaced in yemen ' s war , the un says .
garcia-bratcher came to the 320-student campus about lunchtime and asked her son to point out a boy she suspected of bullying her 10-year-old daughter , essick said . she was released later in the day on $ 30,000 bail . she also said she was looking into bullying claims . ” you can reach staff writer paul payne at 568-5312 or paul.payne@pressdemcrat.com a telephone number for a delia bratcher was disconnected . sonoma county prosecutors said monday they were still awaiting the sheriff ' s report before deciding on any charges . " lt. story_separator_special_tag santa rosa , calif.
- discriminating between languages - “the ability to distinguish between maasai and kamba men delivering the same phrase in their own language suggests that elephants can discriminate between different languages , ” said co-author graeme shannon , a visiting fellow in psychology at the university of sussex . african elephants ( loxodonta africana ) are the largest land animals on earth and are considered a vulnerable species due to habitat loss and illegal hunting for their ivory tusks . they must build up that knowledge somehow . seuss had it right : horton really does hear a who .
' you ' ve seriously got dead ears if you think that ' s an irish accent . he is said to have then waved his cigarette and walked off . in 2005 , he was charged with second-degree assault after throwing a telephone at a worker at the mercer hotel in new york . last week , crowe revealed how he had worked on his english accent by listening to tapes of michael parkinson . ( laughs ) f*** me ! well , i am just asking ... things went wrong when lawson started dissecting crowe ' s accent in the movie .
“the fact the he was assigned to patrol one of the most dangerous housing projects in new york city must be considered among the circumstances of this tragic accident , ” he said of the officer . garner and mr. gurley , 28 , was killed nov. police commissioner bill bratton said liang ' s gun was " accidentally discharged " and called gurley a " total innocent . 20 , a source said . brown . , the tension around the gurley case has also risen . da kenneth thompson had obtained indictments in recent months against three cops in two different incidents involving alleged assaults during arrests .
story_separator_special_tag after a week-long search , ron and mary tarnowski were discovered dead in swampy area in duluth on aug. 5. the couple was married for 59 years . the couple hardly ever left the home , which their son , karl tarnowski , built adjacent to his own so he could keep an eye on them . louis county sheriff ' s office sgt . at 10 p.m. st. mary and ron tarnowski had driven away that day without telling anyone . ron was in the early stages of dementia , and mary suffered from right-side paralysis and had difficulty speaking .
hussain ' s show is one of many such broadcasts . he also cooks while men sing islamic hymns and discusses religion with children in a garden full of rabbits , snakes and goats . " if any family cannot afford to bring up their new born baby due to poverty or illness then instead of killing them , they should hand over the baby to dr aamir , " a notice on his website reads . the show ' s host has been described as a religious scholar , tv megastar and even a sex symbol . must watch last look : superhero in a burka 01 : 01 just watched a girl ' s world : from london to pakistan replay more videos ...
holt said he told holcomb that physically abusing a soldier was wrong and reported the incident to superiors . chen ’ s death outraged some chinese american activists in new york city ’ s chinatown , where chen grew up with his immigrant parents . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . marcus merritt , testified wednesday that holcomb addressed him with a racial slur and threatened to " kill me and put me in a body bag and send me home. u.s. army sgt . ft.
earlier this week , we introduced a set of updates to our privacy policy and terms of service to help our users better understand our service . we don ’ t own your photos — you do. i ’ m proud that instagram has a community that feels so strongly about a product we all love . facebook is under pressure to make instagram earn income . but mr. the terms of that user agreement said , “you agree that a business or other entity may pay us to display your user name , likeness , photos ( along with any associated metadata ) and/or actions you take , in connection with paid or sponsored content or promotions , without any compensation to you.
" it was the ' ham sandwich bill ' last time , " he said . violators could face a $ 200 to $ 400 fine for the first offense and a $ 400 to $ 600 fine for a second offense . just drive . the sponsors of the bill , assemblyman john wisniewski , d- middlesex and nicholas chiaravalloti , d-hudson , said it is modeled after a law in maine and is intended to educate , not punish drivers . it also never came up for a vote in the two previous legislative sessions in which he introduced similar bills .
north korea on friday secured its presence at south korea ' s pyeongchang olympics in february with figure skaters ryom tae-ok and kim ju-sik grabbing one of the last qualifying spots on offer at the nebelhorn trophy . marcotte , whose wife , meagan duhamel , is a two-time world pairs champion . “it ’ s out of their hands , ” he said . kim pumped his fists at the end of their routine , hugging his partner before a team official wrapped a jacket over him . it has invested considerable time and money to make ms.
some of her biggest steps taken just tuesday morning , for her and for her city . “i ’ m going to cry the whole time , ” haslet-davis later added . though she was never a runner , after the bombing , she also vowed to run the marathon . adrianne haslet-davis fox-trotted across the marathon finish line and trampled on the memory of losing her left leg two years ago .. announcing this partnership with my marathon team #adriannestrong ! dance . “i wanted to train and really see if i was ready this year both physically and mentally before announcing that i ’ ve been training.
according to a letter [ pdf ] recently sent by the group truth in advertising to walmart ceo doug mcmillon , “walmart ’ s website is mired in usa labeling errors. marketers and manufacturers that promote their products as made in usa must meet the “all or virtually all ” standard . this publication offers practical guidance on made in usa claims . it wasn ’ t just store-brand items that got the false “made in u.s.a. , ” a company can get into legal trouble for misusing that label , as doing so may constitute false advertising .
nancy ' s fiance john dilbeck , conner ' s own brother , found her dead body in the bath sunday , the same day julia was due to be at an oscar nominees lunch . there would be periods of sobriety and with that brought clarity . ” as radar previously reported , motes called the pretty woman star a “b*tch ” and appeared to have called her a “hag ” as she vented in a series of tweets sent late last month . she is up for best supporting actress for story_separator_special_tag julia roberts was left devastated and anguished that she could not convince her half-sister nancy motes to enter rehab before her tragic drug overdose death in los angeles , calif.
story_separator_special_tag the incoming white house communications director earned $ 4.9 million from his ownership stake in skybridge . scaramucci ’ s appointment last week . ” white house spokeswoman natalie strom referred questions about scaramucci ’ s skybridge investment to the treasury . scaramucci ’ s financial filing values skybridge capital at more than $ 50 million and states that he owns nearly 44 percent of the firm . the disclosure highlights the extensive wealth scaramucci has accumulated in his career — much like many of trump ’ s other top advisers and cabinet secretaries — and also the challenge he faces in extracting himself from the potential conflicts his investments could pose .
( cnn ) hillary clinton is not considering bernie sanders as a running mate , a democrat familiar with the decision tells cnn . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . the vermont senator did not bring up the issue in his private meeting with clinton on tuesday night that lasted about 90 minutes . " he would risk being considered a sell-out by loyal supporters if he joined the clinton ticket , another person close to sanders said wednesday , so the news is not unexpected . read more story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
compared with older patients , those under 50 were 30 percent more likely to be diagnosed with tumors that had spread to the lymph nodes and 50 percent more likely to have cancer that had advanced to other organs , the study found . younger patients increasing seeing a recent rise in cancer cases among younger people , a team led by dr. samantha hendren of the university of michigan in ann arbor . and while 53 story_separator_special_tag monday , jan. if you are worried , you can request your primary care physician provide you with one of these simple stool tests , no matter your age .
" frostquakes are relatively rare events , schultz said , but not unheard of in wisconsin . , according to the alert . tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . story_separator_special_tag freezing temperatures tuesday night might have caused something called a " frostquake " in southern wisconsin , according to the national weather service in sullivan . " this one was maybe a brief rumbling , but a very loud boom was the primary characteristic of this frostquake .
( associated press ) ecacuees watch a japanese military helicopter dumping water on the troubled reactors of the fukushima dai-ichi complex in a live tv broadcast , at fukushima , northeastern japan , on thursday , march 17 , ... tokyo exhausted engineers attached a power cable to the outside of japan ' s tsunami-crippled nuclear plant on saturday in a race to prevent deadly radiation from an accident now rated at least as bad as america ' s three mile island incident in 1979. a senior official with the u.n. but they couldn ' t be sure any of it was easing the peril at the tsunami-ravaged facility .
– a knoxville , tennessee , man was sentenced today to 20 months in prison for recruiting individuals to cash fraudulent money orders that he received from a former south jersey u.s. postal service ( usps ) employee , u.s. attorney craig carpenito announced . the august 2017 affidavit noted about 50 money orders never surfaced — and the printing machine remained missing . defense counsel : john brennan esq. on dec. rodriguez to an information charging him with one count of transmitting and presenting unlawfully issued usps money orders with intent to defraud the united states .
“a few drinks are the only thing that get you through january , it ’ s so bloody miserable. the idea of a " sober january " has been around for as long as man has cursed his in-laws at christmas . i have not had a drink for several years now . hardly ! why would they be ? and the best way story_separator_special_tag create an account for free access to : first name last name please select a country ... united kingdom ------------------- afghanistan albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antarctica antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british antarctic territory british indian ocean territory british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada canton and enderbury islands cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos [ keeling ] islands colombia comoros congo - brazzaville congo - kinshasa cook islands costa rica croatia cuba cyprus czech republic côte d ’ ivoire denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic dronning maud land ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia french southern territories french southern and antarctic territories gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti heard island and mcdonald islands honduras hong kong sar china hungary iceland india indonesia iran iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey johnston island jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati kosovo kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macau sar china macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte metropolitan france mexico micronesia midway islands moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar [ burma ] namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles neutral zone new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norfolk island north korea north vietnam northern mariana islands norway oman pacific islands trust territory pakistan palau palestinian territories panama panama canal zone papua new guinea paraguay people ' s democratic republic of yemen peru philippines pitcairn islands poland portugal puerto rico qatar romania russia rwanda réunion saint barthélemy saint helena saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint martin saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino saudi arabia senegal serbia serbia and montenegro seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south georgia and the south sandwich islands south korea spain sri lanka sudan suriname svalbard and jan mayen swaziland sweden switzerland syria são tomé and príncipe taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand timor-leste togo tokelau tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos islands tuvalu u.s. minor ounsying islands u.s. miscellaneous pacific islands u.s. virgin islands uganda ukraine united arab emirates united states unknown or invalid region uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vatican city venezuela vietnam wake island wallis and futuna western sahara yemen zambia zimbabwe åland islands email password your password must be at least eight characters long and not contain special characters < > \ ' " / ; ` % confirm password want our latest new , ideas and premium content sent electronically* ?
story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) a rare enigma machine used by nazi germany during world war ii was sold at auction tuesday for 45,000 euros ( $ 51,500 ) . this is an ongoing web-archiving project that will continue to grow as we witness new ways that reconciliation and healing take place in our province . “the collector bought it from a flea market . historians say it may host many other cryptographic machines not yet discovered . he knew very well what he was buying , ” cristian gavrila , the collectible consignment manager at artmark , told reuters .
and in 2004 , a south korean scientist claimed to have gotten stem cells from cloned human embryos , but that turned out to be a fraud . this reprogramming approach is technically simpler and doesn ' t involve embryos or require the donation of human eggs , and it was widely acclaimed when it was reported in 2007. most groups gave up long ago on the finicky core method — production of patient-specific embryonic stem cells ( escs ) from cloning . other researchers made some headway . dr. a quieter debate followed : do we still need ‘therapeutic ’ cloning ?
a warehouse in feltham was broken into and a number of valuable books were stolen . the mail on sunday reports that the thieves likely stole the books to order , as it would be difficult to resell the titles . placing them on international databases , such as artive.org , which records stolen " anyone with information should contact police via 101 , or contact crimestoppers anonymously . he told sky news : " i ' m very upset because this is not something you can buy everywhere . the haul of more than 160 books included a 1566 copy of de revolutionibus orbium coelestium by copernicus , worth an estimated £ 215,000 , as well as works by galileo , isaac newton , leonardo da vinci and a 1569 edition of dante ’ s divine comedy .
" he ' s using the washington post , which is peanuts , he ' s using that for political purposes to save amazon in terms of taxes and in terms of antitrust . more recently , however , bezos donated $ 2,700 this past september to rep. patty murray , d-wash. jason chaffetz , r-utah . " we can ' t let him get away with it , " trump told hannity . " republican presidential candidate donald trump speaks at a rally in lynden , wash. ( photo : elaine thompson , ap ) bezos believes " i would go after him for anti-trust because he has a huge anti-trust problem , " trump said .
in an urgent post , the subreddit ’ s moderators warn the community that the site ’ s admins have informed them that maroney was underage in the photos “and that we quickly need to remove them . well , congratulations to you , you proud masturbators of reddit : thefappening somehow feels even more skeevy for your noble actions . ( get it ? according to reddit administrators , photos of gymnast mckayla maroney and mtv actress liz lee , shared to 130,000 people on popular forum r/thefappening , constitute child pornography . here , redditors respond to classiest_erection with step-by-step instructions for how to use software to wipe his hard drive , which ostensibly contains illegally obtained underage nudes .
” the second weekend of lionsgate and pantelion ’ s comedy “overboard ” landed in fourth with $ 10 million , while the sixth weekend of paramount ’ s “a quiet place ” secured no . " ( chuck zlotnick/marvel ... on saturday , it became the second-fastest film to cross the $ 500 million mark at the domestic box office . in its third frame , the disney and marvel blockbuster earned a huge $ 61.8 million . both drew mostly female audiences . the warner bros. 5 with $ 6.3 million . “we have an amazing partner in will packer .
according to the french prosecutor leading the inquiry in the town , a short distance south of lille , dominique has admitted to hiding her pregnancies  and the killings of her babies  from her husband , whom police describe as being " dumbstruck " by the revelations . ( see more on pregnancy. " it ' s easy to come up with a narrative to explain why it happens in contemporary india or 17th-century europe , for example , but why is it happening in 21st-century france ? in november 1984 , jean-pierre leymarie and his wife rolande were jailed for killing seven newborns in corrèze .
they don ’ t know if they ’ re a part of a conspiracy that might unfold . no , melania has grown bolder in her push to telegraph her disdain for donald . as the trumps walked away from air force one on the israeli tarmac , the president was seen reaching for his wife ’ s hand . “it ’ s a nightmare , ” he said , presiding in a high-backed leather wing chair off the lobby of the beverly hills hotel . ( ilia yefimovich/getty images ) if public appearances by a president and first lady are political theater , first lady melania trump and her husband , president trump , miiight want to work on their choreography .
the agency was hired by the australian government to find a color that was so repugnant that if it was on tobacco products , it would dissuade people from smoking . they ’ re too pretty ( picture : getty ) a team of experts spent three months trying to determine the world ’ s ugliest colour . but does the stripped-down , " ugly " packaging really reduce smoking ? abs national health survey : first results , 2014-15 14.7 % ( age-standardised ) of adults aged 18 years and over smoked daily ( approximately 2.6 million smokers ) , decreasing from 16.1 % in 2011-2012 ; 16.9 % of males and 12.1 % of women smoked daily ; 16.3 % of 18-44 year olds smoked daily ; 12.7 % of adults aged 45 years and over smoked daily ; 31.4 % were ex-smokers ; 52.6 % had never smoked ; people living in outer regional and remote areas of australia had higher rates of daily smoking at 20.9 % compared to people in inner regional areas at 16.7 % and major cities at 13.0 % ; and 21.4 % of people living in areas of most disadvantage smoked daily compared with 8.0 % story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
“he ’ s got tremendous strength and flexibility in the knee , as demonstrated by what he ’ s done out there , ” epstein said , referring to schwarber ’ s double and walk in game 1 , his two rbi singles and walk in game 2 , the quality of his at-bats overall . but the cubs will talk to the doctors again on friday . bryant might be right . at some point , this becomes a question of protecting schwarber from himself . now , many of those same people are saying , “how can the cubs not keep playing him ?
” cassie young . ” she also added : “you are perpetuating the problem and i refuse to play that game . ” young replied , “i am in shape ! story_separator_special_tag part of the exchange a woman received from a fitness trainer , who body-shamed her . your children ’ s children ’ s children will still have those pictures. ” the man countered , “you can accept how you look but you can ’ t be happy with the way you look . ” young would know — after a fifth-grade classmate embarrassed her for wearing size 5 jeans , she spent years counting calories and embarking on yo-yo diets .
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . " mouse mingle joins the ever-growing list of niche dating sites like whovian love ( for doctor who fans ) and date vampires ( for ... that was the inception moment . this " survey " crawl was started on feb. creator dave tavres tells mashable that his website ' s been in the works since a 2011 trip to disneyland with a few friends . [ h/t : los angeles magazine ] the first time i saw farmers only i thought it was a saturday night live sketch.
but few players in this city ' s sports history , maybe none , connected with the fans with their style of play the way malone did . he was 60. " as always , he was so much fun to be around . " [ owner ] harold katz called me on a sunday and said he wanted to get it done . we needed exactly what we got . he would return in 1993-94 and average 17.1 points and 13.2 rebounds at age 38 in his next-to-last season . john nash , who was assistant general manager for the sixers when malone was acquired from the houston rockets , shared one yesterday .
a police report taken after kopetsky ' s disappearance shows a witness told police they saw the vehicle belonging to kylr yust , kopetsky ' s ex-boyfriend , in the area where cass county authorities say those remains were located . runions , 21 , was last seen in september 2016. the road closure began at 12 : 30 p.m. and is expected to continue until dark . state route y between yy hwy and d hwy ( holmes rd ) . based on the remains recovered the age , sex , race have not been determined . " it ’ s not like any other thing and it ’ s drawn us closer together and we are like sisters .
she ’ s a blogger now ! " i don ' t know what ' s next . kate has signed on to write for the website couponcabin.com . she was , at the time , dressed as a zombie. ( andy kropa - getty images ) when kate gosselin ’ s reality show “kate plus 8 ” got canceled in august , many of you were concerned about her potential employment options . the topic ? do us proud . believe me . all right , fine . read ‘twilight ’ stars to be immortalized at grauman ’ s chinese theatre today !
many of the flaws in the wells and exponent reports have been exposed . goldberg , a patriots lawyer . a spokeswoman for wells said he had no comment on the rebuttal . ( ap ) — tom brady has appealed his four-game suspension for his role in using deflated footballs during the afc championship game . get sports headlines in your inbox : the globe ' s most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning . sign up thank you for signing up ! for these reasons , we post below our counsel daniel l. nor did they offer an explanation for why they indefinitely suspended mcnally and jastremski last week without pay , except to assert that jastremski secretly gave mcnally patriots sneakers and gear without permission .
image copyright debbie speranza image caption debbie speranza ( centre ) with her identically dressed friends , and the bride , julia mammone for many women , turning up to a ' do ' in the same dress as someone else would be crushing , but when you find five other wedding guests have picked the same outfit all you can probably do is laugh . that photo has since received 39,000 likes over 9,500 comments . there was about 200 people. " that post alone drew more than 10,000 comments with friends tagging each other with memories of similar , if not such large-scale , fashion faux pas .
in a statement , romney campaign spokeswoman andrea saul said romney ' s position is clear _ that he opposes abortion except for cases of rape , incest and where the life of the mother is threatened . republican presidential candidate , former massachusetts gov . additional excerpts will air during cbs news ' primetime coverage of the republican national convention , tuesday , august 28 through thursday , august 30 , beginning at 10 p.m. et each night . watch the full interview segment below . 27 , 2012. , aug. the romneys envision ... it ' s been settled for some time in the courts .
then there was : an incident from march 2015 in which esquith told a student who had completed his work that he could “surf the net for porn . ” before the documents became public , esquith ’ s lawyer accused the school district of constructing a “fraudulent narrative ” as part of its “latest effort to smear. reuters yikes . elegant . dazzling . sexy . gorgeous. that ’ s what we do in our spare time. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . in october , he was fired , a move greeted with outrage all over the country .
chipotle shut down the powell restaurant on monday over reports of customer and employee illnesses . hollis johnson/business insider more than 400 people said they fell ill after eating at an ohio chipotle that is thought to be at the center of an illness outbreak , according to a website that tracks foodborne illnesses . he had a chicken burrito and i had a chicken bowl . sign up for our breaking news email . ” in honor of national avocado day on july 31 , chipotle is handing out guacamole on the house . the overhaul includes new menu items like quesadillas , nachos and milkshakes and a possible happy hour for half-off margaritas and beer .
gwyneth ' s husband chris martin performed the night before she launched a lifestyle website goop in 2008 on which she shares her views , advice , and tips for leading a better life . i ’ m very strict with myself . gwyneth rocked out her glee hit “forget you ” along with the cast of the hit fox show . the pretty blonde had her hair up in a delicate knot and opted for natural make-up with smoky eyes . ok ! gwyneth paltrow does not look like a 38-year-old mom of two . it is just sheer determination .
less a photo of ag jeff sessions at the restaurant was posted on the now deleted social accounts of el tiempo cantina friday . laurenzo ' s restaurants president roland laurenzo says in no way does the social media post equate to an endorsement of sessions ' politics . © 2018 khou and threats , death threats . thank you for allowing us to serve you . this has been extremely shocking to our family. the post was pulled saturday . " we have gotten so many complaints and comments . the post was quickly condemned by customers , some of whom called for a boycott .
finally , researchers conducted an analysis of bicycle and bikesharing activity data , as well as bicycle and bikesharing collisions to evaluate injury rates associated with bikesharing when compared with benchmarks of personal bicycling . flowers lay where a women was killed while riding her bike the day before at the corner of sacramento and belmont avenues on july 2 , 2016 . ... ” nearly 8 million ( brandon chew / chicago tribune ) ( brandon chew / chicago tribune ) “this is really unfortunate . he completed his undergraduate degree at johns hopkins university . elliot earned a phd in transportation engineering following a dual masters in transportation and city planning , all at uc berkeley .
a spokesperson with polk county schools tells us the students consumed gummy bears that contained thc . a total of six children in seventh grade partook , judd said — two boys and four girls . it is illegal to possess this package of gummies in the state of florida . “they followed through with the procedures and protocols we have in place in making sure that we keep our children safe . five of the ill students were taken to the hospital and one was picked up by their parents . kathy leigh berkowitz can be reached at 863-802-7558 or kberkowitz@theledger.com .
clinton . but during a two-day sweep through the hawkeye state this weekend , clinton is showing she ’ s learned her lesson — and that she ’ s really trying to put that problem behind her . with temperatures outside in the high 80s , the place was like a sauna . a spokesman for mrs. ” or “hillary , i love you ! the f.b.i . the program involves some of the most secure information in the intelligence agencies ’ computer systems . specifically , the inspector general told members of congress that two emails should have been classified as top secret , with one of them designated “top secret//si//tk/noforn.
when salerno reported the theft to orleans police an officer told him he would be charged with soliciting a prostitute . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . his response , the cape cod times reports , was " i don ' t give a ( expletive ) . nicholas salerno told police he paid a woman half his age $ 100 to perform a sex act on him earlier this summer in his home . the necklace was recovered by police at a south yarmouth pawn shop .
the files are thought to have been stolen from his hospital in grenoble . " a spokesman for the german newspaper bild , tobias frolich , told cnn that the tabloid was among a number of media outlets to be offered schumacher ' s alleged medical records , but that " the editorial office decided to reject the offer . the theft has been reported . the authorities are involved , ” said ms kehm . she added , " we cannot judge if these documents are authentic . the contents of any medical files are totally private and confidential and must not made available to the public .
for the sake of comparison , 3,231 patients in those trials got a placebo or control and 151 of them – or 4.7 % – later had a cardiovascular event , according to the study . it may also lower a person ' s risk of heart problems , suggests a new study . importance among nontraditional cardiovascular risk factors , recent influenzalike infection is associated with fatal and nonfatal atherothrombotic events . jacob udell said . they found five published studies and one unpublished study that included 6,735 participants . and , conversely , previous research done now an international group of researchers has compiled data from a dozen randomized clinical trials to see if they could get a clearer answer to the question .
" so the inside of the truck was just austere condition that nobody was going to survive in it . in sunday ' s case , " these people were helpless in the hands of their transporters , " said richard l. the employee brought water for the man , then called police and asked them to conduct a welfare check , mcmanus said . during that same year , he said , hsi made 2,734 criminal arrests and 3,007 administrative arrests related to human smuggling operations . durbin jr. a ninth victim later died at a hospital , ice officials said .
and there was a lot of discussion around whether the cheese was really a cheese spread , or if it had just melded with the special sauce.with a complete bite of chicken , cheese , bacon and sauce , this sandwich really isn ' t bad . rating : 2 ( out of 5 ) blechs do not delete . rachel been , aol production player ! we can foresee this becoming the new " hangover food " of choice.related : kfc double down chicken sandwich loses the bun story_separator_special_tag ​the much-touted kfc double down chicken sandwich finally arrives .
the icc ” he alleged that “domestic enemies ” were behind the complaint and said duterte was prepared to go on trial and defend his actions , though he said he was confident the icc would not proceed . human rights watch , which has been calling for an independent international investigation into duterte ’ s war on drugs , welcomed the icc ’ s move . however , bensouda specifically referenced killings since 1 july 2016 in her statement . thousands dead : the philippine president , the death squad allegations and a brutal drugs war read more according to official statistics , 4,000 people have been killed by the police in anti-drug operations since duterte became president .
a man has doused himself with gasoline and set himself on fire in st. the man had a piece of paper with the phone number of his daughter . peter ' s square in vatican city . the agents were treated at the hospital for smoke inhalation and injuries to their hands . he died days later . soon two police officers arrived and put out the flames with a fire extinguisher . the vatican says his motives aren ' t known . the first person to come to his aid was a jesuit priest , who through his frock and jacket on top of him .
in the fda ' outside advisers to the food and drug administration said weight-loss benefits of orexigen ’ s product , contrave , exceed the dangers of elevated pulse and blood pressure and that a large study on cardiovascular risk can wait until after the drug is approved . stock chart for orexigen therapeutics inc ( orex ) orexigen therapeutics inc. 31. “it ’ s hard to know to what extent their strategy was altered by the first two , but it sure as heck didn ’ t hurt. , story_separator_special_tag silver spring , md .
a 90-minute delay in the family ’ s flight from phoenix ’ s sky harbor airport left them with about 7 minutes to make a connecting flight in minneapolis , which was the last plane flying to memphis that day . we continued to plead , " marcia said . " my son and i are waving our arms at the pilots and the ground crew as my two daughters are crying their eyes out . j.w . paul/minneapolis , minnesota . short , a 56-year-old husband and father of three who died on dec. the family was headed to the funeral of jay w.
" buffett was told twice , not once , about sokol ' s ownership of lubrizol stock before buffett engaged in any discussions with lubrizol , " levine said . ‘misleadingly incomplete ’ sokol ’ s “misleadingly incomplete disclosures to berkshire hathaway senior management concerning those purchases violated the duty of candor he owed the company , ” according to the report . read more close open photographer : jonathan fickies/bloomberg , speaks during an interview in new york on aug. the board said it may sue sokol to recover the $ 3 million of trading profit he made when berkshire bought chemicals company lubrizol corp and could seek damages from him for harm to the company ' s reputation .
' ' story_separator_special_tag human rights watch is lambasting an oscar-winning actress and other western celebrities for attending a concert held on the birthday of chechnya ' s kremlin-backed leader , who has been accused of rights abuses . the apartheid government in pretoria ? weinberg did not respond to a query from thr ; nor did reps for van damme . the oct. ” after swank spoke , british violinist vanessa-mae performed for a reported half a million dollars . their perks routinely include private jets and first-class hotel suites . 5 event but declined due to his production schedule on the hatfields and mccoys television series -- a development that in retrospect , was a gift from the public-relations gods .
“i think she ’ s been exposed to a lot of discussion on the hill , and it ’ s been an area of tremendous interest with her. michele bachmann ( r-minn. and the contrasting reaction demonstrates why democrats will have a hard time in their latest effort to unseat the gop lightning rod . story_separator_special_tag report cited by bachmann claims norquist linked to muslim brotherhood by eric w. obama is a christian . republicans like house speaker john boehner , arizona sen. elk river , minn. a year ago , the 56-year-old tea party favorite was flying high .
paddock ’ s hotel room . in some videos of the shooting , the rate of fire sounds inconsistent , at times sputtering . instead , i would argue it ’ s the juxtaposition of the crowd ’ s reactions — from fear to flight to panic to disillusion — that makes this video so harrowing , so painfully human , and so hard to watch . a federal law enforcement official said that ar-15-style rifles were among them . mr. ” shami espinoza , a concertgoer from california who was caught in the gunfire at a las vegas music festival .
“the incredible hulk ” star revealed on instagram he was hospitalized this week after he went to get a pneumonia shot – presumably a vaccine – and ended up with fluid in his bicep . one fan wrote , “lou ! meagan falcon/caller-times lou ferrigno attends the hollywood show held at westin lax hotel on feb. ortega , wireimage ) lou ferrigno is looking a little green . related video : lou ferrigno and erik estrada reminisce about being 70s stud aside from his acting career , ferrigno has spent years dedicated to bodybuilding , which he officially retired from in the 90s , and co-founded his family ’ s fitness program , ferrigno fit , with his daughter shanna .
it ’ s unfortunate , but when you bury yourself in $ 52 trillion of debt — public , private , business , housing and government — you can ’ t make it go away . ” stockman went on : “the democrats are not doing anything about their guy either . david stockman at home in greenwich , connecticut . ” the erstwhile reagan budget chief told the daily beast ’ s lloyd grove . “boehner is as prone to cave as obama . ” stockman described the impending showdown as a “wakeup call ” — the political equivalent of getting whacked in the head by a two-by-four containing a rusty nail .
growing up on death row : the death penalty and juvenile offenders in iran reveals that iran has continued to consign juvenile offenders to the gallows , while trumpeting as major advances , piecemeal reforms that fail to abolish the death penalty against juvenile offenders . one day she had an argument with her father , got angry , and killed him with a kitchen knife . passed on may 22 , 1996 , book five deals with ta ’ zir crimes and deterrent punishments , crimes against national security , crimes against property and crimes against people . therefore it remains unchanged from the previous version and this text is what is in force today .
“there is incontrovertible evidence that alzheimer ’ s disease has a dormant microbial component . these constitute the hallmarks of ad , but whether they are causes of ad or consequences is unknown . we can ’ t keep ignoring all of the evidence ” professor douglas kell , manchester university currently most scientists are trying to find treatments which prevent the build of sticky amyloid plaques and misfolded tau proteins in the brain which prevent neurons from communicating with each other , leading to memory loss and cognitive decline . around two thirds of people will acquire the herpes virus at some point in their lives , and many will not realise they have it .
rights groups have blamed authorities in north china ' s shaanxi province for forcing feng jianmei to abort her pregnancy because she failed to pay a hefty fine for exceeding china ' s strict " one-child " population control policy . mr deng said his wife had been forcibly taken to hospital and restrained before the procedure . the government did not pinpoint exactly who the perpetrators were , but vowed to avoid a repeat of such a case , which it said was against regulations in effect since 2001 banning late-term abortions . chinese law clearly prohibits abortions beyond six months .
“he ’ kansas secretary of state kris kobach met with trump on sunday and brought with him a detailed list of proposals for the agency tasked with enforcing immigration laws and securing the border . in this nov. “draft amendments to national voter — ” can also be seen , perhaps a reference to the national voter registration act . the document mirrors what kobach told reuters in the days after the election . 11 , 2001 , attacks , but largely suspended in 2011. bush . the first point reads , “bar the entry of potential terrorists.
by reuters photo : reuters charlie hebdo paris - france said it would temporarily close its embassies and schools in 20 countries on friday after a french magazine published cartoons of the prophet mohammad , a move it fears will further inflame tensions over a film mocking the prophet . but he emphasised france ' s tradition of free speech . we are a republic that has no intention of being intimidated by anyone . the investigation into that attack is still under way . ayrault told french radio rtl on wednesday that " there ' s no reason for us to let a conflict that doesn ' t concern france come into our country .
#liptolip ” what a sweet , fun , classy moment , that you can share in thanks to that ol ’ youtube magic . ” give the boy credit for guts : he replied , “lip to lip. -bam thank you for joining our conversation on bam ' s blog . learn more 25 at chesapeake energy arena in oklahoma city and nov. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . brandy posted by oklahoma-born and bred country music superstar carrie underwood helped a young fan make an incredible memory and mark a big milestone during her show saturday night in louisville , ky.
today , zeta-jones ' publicist revealed that the actress recently sought treatment for bipolar disorder . zeta-jones was at the festival with him . " zeta-jones and douglas married in 2000. in 2010 , zeta-jones ' stepson , cameron douglas , was sentenced to five years in prison for drug-related charges , and only four months later , her actor husband was diagnosed with cancer . sufferers can go through what is known as a manic episode -- an overly excited or joyful state -- or a depressive episode -- a state of unusual sadness or hopelessness . abc news ' dan childs contributed reporting .
the second man was in his 50s and was from outside the police force ’ s area . two men and a woman were caught in a rip current off mawgan porth beach near newquay at around 1.30pm on sunday . " they were not injured in any way , " he said . there were lots of safe places to be and they were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. supt jim pearce , of devon and cornwall police , said : “this is a tragic incident and our condolences go out to the families of those involved .
, is inscribed with the name confederate memorial hall . ( ap ) — vanderbilt university announced monday that it will pay more than a million dollars to remove an inscription containing the word " confederate " from one of its campus dorms . vanderbilt first sought to change the name in 2002. “we story_separator_special_tag file - this sept. close vanderbilt chancellor nicholas s. 15 , 2016. 30 , 2003 , file photo , shows the exterior of a dormitory at vanderbilt university in nashville , tenn. starting in 2005 , the university began referring to the building as memorial hall .
seven years after the artist passed away , his estate has filed a lawsuit against the fast food chain , alleging mcdonald ’ s used several of snow ’ s signature designs as fake graffiti décor in numerous locations around the world . mcdonald ’ s is “clearly attempting to trade on mr. snow ’ s name and reputation. when we say “signature , ” we don ’ t just mean that this particular work was intimately associated with snow ; we also mean that the design was actually the spray-painted signature for snow ’ s pseudonym “sace.
but the white house doesn ’ t believe that ’ s real revenue . ” president obama , in the brady press briefing room before he left for hawaii : “in the next few days , i ' ve asked leaders of congress to work towards a package that prevents a tax hike on middle-class americans , protects unemployment insurance for 2 million americans , and lays the groundwork for further work on both growth and deficit reduction . then budget chairman paul ryan ( r. ouch . mr. that bill is very , very popular .
her narrative is also a clear case of a false attribution bias , as she cognitively ascribes the rapes in her country on the rapist , while ascribing rapes in indian on the men . i have many female students in my group , so i think this attitude is something i cannot support . " german ambassador michael steiner reacted strongly to the professor ' s denial of internship and endorsed india ' s efforts to deal with violence against women . she is entitled to a benefit of doubt that she has good reasons for saying what she said .
during barry ' s prenatal checkups , sebastian was diagnosed with a severe congenital heart defect , in which the two main arteries of the heart are reversed . " " they always prepped us for a blue baby , " she said . he likely wasn ’ t going to make it. the boy?s parents say it was ?intense ? rajiv chaturvedi , a cardiologist at sickkids . but there was a complication in this case . his case was especially complex because the interior walls of his heart were sealed shut , so that blood couldn ' t flow between the chambers to pick up oxygen .
he was coachable , did his most to improve and worked to become the best . " this is so sad . ( associated press ) miami ( ap ) — baltimore ravens cornerback tray walker is in critical condition after police say he was involved in a dirt bike crash in miami . " joe flacco said walker was full of energy and promise . he will be missed and will never be forgotten . walker , 23 , died friday afternoon . " defensive backs coach chris hewitt : " my heart is heavy as these words come out of my mouth .
on brown ’ s photo , he wrote , “you need to be terminated , ” the sources said . “it was crazy . " le rogue was charged with assault and interfering with a sporting event and taken to lincoln hospital in the bronx for a psychiatric evaluation . “he really fought them hard . he wouldn ’ t stop kicking . ” lerogue , who was tackled by security just a few feet from the stands , apparently is in love with the “there ’ s something about mary ” star . " he drank in his day when he was younger , he ' s not like this saintly kid , but he ' s 33 years old now , so give me a break .
“he should just write a check and shut up , ” christie said tuesday on cnn ’ s “piers morgan tonight. the fact of the matter is that i ’ m tired of hearing about it . as the subject turns to new jersey state taxes , christie offers some candid quotes regarding a certain billionaire . the rule had been a flashpoint in the ongoing national conversation about income inequality in the context of the occupy wall street and 99 percent movements . “of course , during difficult economic times you ’ re most concerned about the people who have the potential to suffer the most.
06 , 2015 in san francisco , calif , after a suspected arson set small fires to the house used in the robin williams movie mrs. more photo : mike kepka , the chronicle buy this photo image 2 of 30 buy photo local news crews check out the scene at steiner and broadway streets on tuesday jan. ... an accelerant , such as gasoline , was possibly used . dr. doubtfire . douglas ousterhout , a plastic surgeon , currently owns the home . however , a police department official said the incident did not appear to be a hate crime .
obama said he tried to negotiate with wiley about his look for the painting . the former first couple ' s official portraits were unveiled at the smithsonian ' s national portrait gallery , a rite of passage for most former presidents , all of whom have their portraits hanging in the museum . both of us had african fathers who had been absent from our lives , and in some ways our journeys involved searching for them , and what that meant . pointing to her mother , seated in the audience , she added : " hi mom .
richard carpenter to music companies you screwed me and karen royally richard carpenter sues for karen over legendary music catalog richard carpenter has filed a lawsuit against 2 music companies he claims ripped him off in the royalties over carpenters tunes , and he ' s brought karen into the legal action as well . the lawsuit also claims that the defendants undercounted digital downloads and that they applied an incorrect base price to the sales of cds . i look forward to proving the allegations in court. during their career , the brother and sister duo recorded 11 albums , released 31 singles , and won three grammys .
" i think it ' s very likely a trap was set for dominique strauss-kahn and he fell into it , " she told france ' s bfm television . phd in economics from the university of paris . career : managing director of the international monetary fund since 2007 , where he won praise for his handling of the global financial crisis . but the charges he faces are in another realm . if the facts prove true ... the contrast could barely have been more dramatic . strauss-kahn has hired new york lawyer benjamin brafman , a seasoned defense attorney famed for striking deals or winning not-guilty verdicts for pop stars and a football player .
" the british in particular were very pleasant when they said ' we would never have done that ' , " he said . it is believed that delegates to the 20th international aids conference , due to begin on sunday , will be informed today that 108 of their colleagues and family members died on mh17 . jonathan quick , head of a not-for – profit medicine supply company working with the global fund and the us government in africa and latin america , described professor lange as a force for change in hiv/aids treatment . " 21.00 representatives to the u.n. civil aviation body are considering whether the agency should expand its role and issue safety advisories after a malaysian airliner was shot down last week , two sources told reuters .
“the sarcophagus has been opened , but we have not been hit by a curse , ” said mostafa waziry , the head of egypt ’ s supreme council for antiquities , in response to news reports warning of maledictions hidden inside the tomb in the port city of alexandria . they later prised it open with help from egyptian military engineers . and here i stand before you ... are according to experts who have now unsealed it , it ' s a no to both . instead , it revealed three skeletons and red-brown sewage water , which gave off an unbearable stench .
” him : “no. i has water in it. story_separator_special_tag flickr : benjaminthompson washington -- in a coffeeshop , do customers have a right to bad taste ? ” before i had even said another word , he had already walked away . ” him : “we don ’ t do that because it will ruin it . ” me : [ long pause ] “really ? his rant went viral and thrusted the fiery debate into the national spotlight . i could make you an americano instead . i ordered three shots of espresso over ice .
" e-mail subject : ' here you have . it said the worm was first seen in august , although the attack was much smaller in scale . organizations including nasa , comcast , aig , disney , proctor &amp; gamble , florida department of transportation and wells fargo are just a few of the organizations apparently affected by the worm , which appears to have sent out hundreds of thousands , if not millions of e-mails . " we do know that it ' s essentially an e-mail based worm that ' s propagating that has a link that alleges to be a pdf document that it wants the user to click on , " alperovitch said .
a 2006 letter from cardinal leonardo sandri , a top vatican official confirms ... " " my letter november 22 , 2000 , was about mccarrick and it wasn ' t accusing seminarians of anything ; it was accusing mccarrick . 3 in the vatican ' s secretariat of state at the time , wrote ramsay on oct. john paul ii made him a cardinal . in an 11-page statement , published aug. father boniface ramsey , pastor of st. joseph ' s church yorkville in new york city , told cns sept. ( associated press ) file - in this monday , march 4 , 2013 file photo , argentine cardinal leonardo sandri arrives for a meeting , at the vatican .
the frederick high school students were flown to a baltimore hospital . police secured the building and questioned witnesses , hetherington said . they suffered injuries that were not considered life-threatening and were listed in stable condition thursday morning , police said . frederick high school junior sofia mccluskey said she was watching the game and heard a muffled shot . frederick police department lt. " gunshots going off around a gym packed with kids … you can imagine , everybody ’ s running , " frederick police capt . both are students in frederick county public schools , authorities said .
hanks is his generation ’ s answer to those paragons of rectitude , and in “bridge of spies ” he reminds us why . as a first time viewing experience , it ' s like not realizing you ' ve been playing a game of chess until you ' ve already lost . in addition to being the #1 movie trailers channel on youtube , we deliver amazing and engaging original videos each week . brooklyn lawyer james b. the catch is that “bridge of spies ” is based on a true story , and the real donovan did find himself defending a soviet agent in court and later airlifted to east berlin as a secret negotiator in the u-2 spy plane incident of the early 1960s .
the gilmore girls lead quartet is returning intact , with scott patterson and kelly bishop signed to reprise their roles as luke and emily alongside bledel and graham . no matter the events of the final season , though , there ’ s one issue sherman-palladino must solve , and that ’ s the problem of rory ’ s exes . less clear ? television . is lane touring the world and making some boy with long hair carry her drums ? the revival , whose exact title is still tbd , is produced by dorothy parker drank here productions in association with warner bros.
story : major drug-smuggling tunnel found between san diego , tijuana the first tunnel found this week was found tuesday in an industrial park in the otay mesa section of san diego . they say operators hire people to occasionally drop by the property to make it appear to be a normal business to neighbors , according to court documents . also it ’ s described as stretching more than 700 yards and more sophisticated , with an electric rail system and ventilation equipment . the other tunnel was discovered thursday . more than 20 tons of marijuana were seized in the otay mesa warehouse ; mexican soldiers confiscated five tons at the other end .
in a news conference at the meeting ' s conclusion , obama said that the world ' s largest economic powers had agreed on the need for " continued growth in the short term and fiscal sustainability in the medium term . although mr. president obama and treasury secretary timothy f. " " a number of our european partners are making difficult decisions , " obama said . geithner had consistently advocated a measured approach to debt reduction that would not stymie growth and lead to a double-dip recession . along with pledging to cut their annual budget deficits by 2013 , the developed countries committed to stabilizing their overall debt by 2016.
ms trump stopped using her personal address for government correspondence after she was informed that she should not be doing so , the official said . " the account was never transferred or housed at trump organization , no emails were ever deleted , and the emails have been retained in the official account in conformity with records preservation laws and rules . the discovery alarmed some advisers to president trump , who feared that his daughter ’ s prac­tices bore similarities to the personal email use of hillary clinton , an issue he made a focus of his 2016 campaign .
allen weisselberg , who has served for decades as chief financial officer and executive vice president of the trump organization , testified several weeks ago in the criminal investigation by federal prosecutors in manhattan into michael cohen , mr .... " i need to open up a company for the transfer of all that info regarding our friend david , " says cohen , " so that — i ' m going to do that right away . weisselberg was also treasurer of the donald j. breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . post to legal expenses .
nongrak bantaotuk , a nurse , said she was buying black shirts for herself and her family . in bangkok , traders have been flocking to wholesale garment markets , especially in bo bae and pratunam , leading to traffic jams in surrounding areas on saturday . violators can face jail terms of up to seven years and/or fines of up to 140,000 baht . “if you compare , the price is higher than before , but this isn ’ t about prices , ” she said . as a result , her officials are closely monitoring the prices of mourning clothes as well as black and white fabric used for building decorations .
what started as a fight between airport workers ends with one of them stabbed to death . police initially said he was slashed in the stomach . the stabbing happened around 11 a.m. in a break room for worldwide flight services , an airplane cleaning contractor for frontier airlines , in terminal e. authorities say the two other workers ran off but were soon confronted by police . philadelphia police lt. an argument over a light switch escalated into a deadly stabbing thursday morning at philadelphia international airport , police said . walker said a third man then got involved and after some shoves , he pulled out a knife and stabbed one of the man in the thigh .
but there ’ s one catch : the equipment is being destroyed before it ’ s offered to the afghan people — to ensure that treadmills , air-conditioning units and other rudimentary appliances aren ’ t used to make roadside bombs . in a nation nicknamed the “graveyard of empires , ” foreign forces are remembered for what they leave behind . the u.s. military shouldered that responsibility for years . nabiullah , a battalion commander in the arghandab river valley in southern kandahar province , said by telephone that 20 percent of his humvees have been blown up or have fallen into disrepair .
after all , lopez-cantera has been running for his senate seat in a crowded gop primary for more than a year — with rubio ’ s encouragement . and if rubio ultimately runs and lopez-cantera doesn ’ t , some of the rumors will appear true . but lopez-cantera said he felt “compelled ” to continue talking it through . none is as well known as rubio . marco rubio ( r. sen. gov . carlos lopez-cantera were at the scene of the orlando massacre on sunday when they had an unusually frank conversation about their political futures .
it ' s infuriating . starring melissa mccarthy and jason bateman . then the script by craig mazin and jerry eeten tortures itself in an effort to get sandy and diana together and on a road trip back to denver , where he can turn her over to the law and convince his boss ( john cho ) of his innocence . i thought the whole ensemble was hilarious , but melissa ' s uttlerly balls-to-the-wall weird and highly original character had me in helpless fits , tears streaming down my face . in fact , it looked like it couldn ' t miss .
prosecutor don valeska , head of the violent crimes division for the state attorney general ' s office , said he never before had a trial end in a judge ' s acquittal in 41 years of trying cases . " gabe watson left the courtroom hand-in-hand with his second wife without commenting to reporters . " i think he can finally start the healing process and put his lilfe together . they contended her death was an accident . 23 , 2012. , thursday , feb. 22 , 2003. gabe is a good kid . nobody knows exactly what happened in the water .
san bernardino , calif. " everyone was trying to be quiet and not draw attention to themselves as they were trained to do , to try to find as much protection as you can , " said corwin porter , assistant director of the department . ” the couple lived in a redlands , california residence with their 6-month-old daughter and farook ’ s 62-year-old mother , rafia farook . the fbi said it ' s investigating the massacre on wednesday in san bernardino , ... dec. read more story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports .
— is expected to offer a rousing endorsement of president barack obama in his speech wednesday night at the democratic national convention . the state ' s republican sen. “the idea that one of these campaigns is positive and the other is negative when i know the reverse is true and i have seen it and i have been blistered by it for months is a little tough to take . text size - + reset ( also on politico : clinton ' s big speech a mystery ) here are bill clinton ’ s most controversial quotes about obama : 1 .
“we expected that using email for romantic communication would be more frustrating than using voicemail , but our data do not show this , ” the authors wrote thus the choice of media triggers different emotional responses in the sender and leads to different message content . wells , an assistant professor of management information systems at california state university-sacramento , set out to learn more about how we respond emotionally to these newer forms of communication . dennis and co-author taylor m. -- in her hit single , carly rae jepsen may have sung , " here ' s my number , so call me maybe .
” this is known : for 72 years , denice and linda have unknowingly walked in each other ’ s footsteps . already an ancestry buff , the 72-year-old grandmother submitted dna to the genealogy website 23andme , hoping to learn more about her health history . denice and linda quickly put together the pieces . ( photo : boyd huppert , kare 11 ) denice took the test a second time . sisters ? paul , two baby girls were born : denice mary mayer at 2 : 17 a.m. and linda jean nielsen , 31 minutes later .
— taylor swift ( @taylorswift13 ) january 27 , 2015 photos : taylor ' s best surprised faces the " blank space " singer also used her tumblr on tuesday to write a sweet message to a bullied fan named caillou . psssh you ' d love that wouldn ' t you ! and then decided her midriff had enough fun for one day . it ’ s so clever and fitting story_separator_special_tag ps any hackers saying they have ' nudes ' ? over the holidays , the same group apparently took down the entire playstation and xbox live gaming networks .
mitchell said he escaped along with godbolt ' s wife . therese apel/the clarion-ledger the bodies of a man and a woman were recovered at the home on east lincoln in brookhaven . at some point neighbors called police , and that ' s when the deputy arrived to try to calm the situation . " " my pain wasn ' t designed for him . he had just finished dare not after what i ' ve done . he has opened fire . even the alleged shooter . church in bogue chitto , told the associated press . he was treated and taken by ambulance to a jackson hospital .
in its statement , tesla blamed the seriousness of the accident on the barrier , which was not repaired after a previous accident . internal data confirms that recent updates to autopilot have improved system reliability . smith ( @deancsmith ) march 29 , 2018 family of apple engineer who died friday in tesla crash tells me he had complained to dealer that auto-pilot veered toward that same barrier on multiple occasions . for tesla , there is one fatality , including known pedestrian fatalities , every 320 million miles in vehicles equipped with story_separator_special_tag embed more news videos a 38-year-old man was killed when his tesla crashed and caught on fire in mountain view .
the suitcase was filled with dance costumes belonging to the show . doe was taken to university medical center for treatment for injuries . several people noticed him but just assumed he was a new dancer . the dancer rounded up some of his fellow performers and confronted the man , according to metro police lt. the man was later booked into clark county detention center on counts of attempted murder with a deadly weapon , attempted robbery with a deadly weapon and burglary with a deadly weapon . copyright 2014 kvvu ( kvvu broadcasting corporation ) . no one was struck by gunfire .
we have a pretty good idea where it is. if they are right , that means that everything named after fort caroline in jacksonville is misnamed . it wasn ’ t even in florida . crowe and spring , who is a professor emeritus of anthropology at the university of florida , presented their findings at florida state university . augustine , considered to be the oldest continuously inhabited city in america . “that ’ s not to say we don ’ t have just reams and reams of material , but having reams of 8 1/2-inch paper filled with words is far different from having a french cannonball.
pollard ' s parole . mr. pollard had served 29 years of a life sentence for spying on behalf of israel , his hopes for freedom were thwarted when a federal panel denied his request for parole . netanyahu has long sought pollard ' s release , and the prospect has surfaced many times in discussions between the u.s. and israel . must watch jonathan pollard granted parole 02 : 02 " mr. read more 20. pollard ' s status was determined by the united states parole commission according to standard procedures , and the parole commission ' s decision was in no way linked to foreign policy considerations , " said national security spokesman alistair baskey .
( ap photo/ivan sekretarev ) ( associated press ) sochi , russia ( ap ) — competition at the sochi olympics has begun , 32 hours before the opening ceremony . the russian government says it ' s doing all it can to ensure safety , and on thursday a deputy prime minister went even further . white ’ s decision to bow out of the slopestyle event on the eve of qualifying not only robbed sochi of yet another big name in a much ballyhooed event . doug pensinger/getty images buy photo wait 1 second to continue . based on information we received from our intelligence services , there ' s no reason to believe sochi is under more threat than any city on the planet .
high-roller cipriani had blown the millions in drug money – purposefully he claimed - after realising he had been set up to launder hanson ' s cocaine profits from his lucrative australian operation . related ex usc athlete owen hanson gets 21 years in prison for drug trafficking hanson pleaded guilty to racketeering and conspiracy to distribute drugs back in january within an hour of getting settled in his suite at the four seasons , however , there was an unexpected knock at the door . it was august , 2011. robert j. ( supplied ) ( ) the film then cut away to a pair of shirtless men .
“that ’ s one of the reasons that he is president today , and hillary clinton isn ’ t. we caught them in a beauty. , sells t-shirts to trump supporters leaving parties . in the days since trump ’ s election , the park service has become an unlikely protagonist in a battle between the sarah l. 20 . jan. he takes action and gets things done , ” sanders said . voisin/the washington post buy photo wait 1 second to continue . “it looked like a million , a million and a half people , ” trump said , vastly inflating what the available evidence suggested .
the skeletons have been removed to the university for further investigation . " the earliest mention of the chapel in hallaton was in a will of 1532. “ ' we have seen similar skeletons before from leicester where a couple has been buried together in a single grave . the pair of skeletons , which are centuries-old and holding hands have been uncovered at a ‘lost ’ chapel by archaeologists . ” she added . father of three jailed after man hit on head with metal ... they said it was possibly a special place of burial for pilgrims .
scott weiland will filed ... mary forsberg filed docs in l.a. saying scott himself named her as executor , and she ' s filed a will with his signature as proof . the will was written in april 2007. weiland ' s first wife is janina castenada , whom he was married to from 1994 - 2000.weiland died at the age of 48 on dec. tmz has learned . 5 . the hennepin county medical examiner ' s office in minnesota said a mix of cocaine , ethanol ( alcohol ) , and mda ( a relative of ecstasy ) led to the rock star ' s death .
( associated press ) house minority leader nancy pelosi of calif. nearly everyone in house and senate leadership recognizes a simple reality : at some point in the next two weeks , they will move on a bill free of provisions to strip planned parenthood of its government funding . ) and speaker john boehner ( ohio ) story_separator_special_tag the u.s. house of representatives voted friday , sept.18 to defund planned parenthood for a one-year period . senate majority leader harry reid ( d-nev. 1. since house conservatives know the the biggest hurdle ? republican presidential candidate , sen.
“with public excitement about white house beer fermenting such a buzz , we decided we better hop right to it ” and release the recipe , wrote white house chef sam kass , who brews the beer in the white house kitchen . add the 2 cans of malt extract and honey into the pot . mix well to bring temp down to 155˚ . set aside and let stand for 15 minutes . story_separator_special_tag ed . if you want a behind the scenes look at our home-brewing process , this video offers some proof . boil for an hour .
trump says he passed on being ' person of the year . a spokesperson for time did not immediately respond to a request for comment friday evening . trump says in a tweet after departing one of his golf clubs in florida that , " we have to get tougher and smarter than ever before , and we will . he ' s also pushing his travel ban , which is tied up in courts . thanks anyway ! bernstein/getty images aaron p. 6 . ( ap photo/alex brandon ) ( associated press ) palm beach , fla.
( ap ) — a 4-year-old cancer patient who was sent home for the holidays wanted to get gifts for the friends she left behind in a philadelphia hospital . story_separator_special_tag see more of jillian paige-you got this girl on facebook she says jillian is so excited to bring some cheer to her friends . coopersburg , pa. jillian massey , of coopersburg , was diagnosed with brain cancer in april and spent six months in the hospital . her mother , janelle massey , says they will deliver the toys on monday . an amazon wish list was created to help her collect the gifts .
oh has become a focus of worldwide attention after he was shot and badly wounded by fellow north korean soldiers as he scrambled across the border in the demilitarised zone ( dmz ) that separates north and south on 13 november . four north korean border guards tried to stop him , firing more than 40 rounds at him . doctor says 24-year-old known as oh needed two bodies ’ worth of blood transfusions to save him and has nightmares about being sent back over border north korea ’ s latest defector , a young soldier being identified only by his family name oh , is a quiet , pleasant man who has nightmares about being returned to the north , his surgeon has said .
thankfully , the epa and the army corps of engineers are working to ensure that tributary streams and wetlands are protected from pollution under the clean water act . and even though stormwater remains a leading cause of pollution at california ’ s beaches , hoping for less rain is not a long-term solution . in 2012 , nearly 2,000 beaches were closed in new york and new jersey alone as a result of pollution . newport beach in orange county ( photo : flickr/ken lund ) but this means two things : first , people need to make sure they know what ’ s in the water at the beaches they visit , and to choose their beach carefully .
sometime in the first week of april , the top ten applications will be notified and then they will have skype interviews with wob corporate , who will pick the lucky three . oh , and you ’ ll get paid for it . there ’ s got to be a catch here somewhere . ” can this possibly be for real ? cheers ! wob says on their website : “we ’ re inviting a team of interns to travel the world , hopping from brewery to brewery , wob tavern to wob tavern to explore beer for themselves and share their stories with wob drinkers across the country.
agency that runs the subways , who toured the new station . it was like a pile driver. it sets out , for the first time , fundamental human rights to be universally protected and it has been translated into over 500 languages . on sept. andrew m. mr. " wtc cortlandt is more than a new subway station , " said new york city ' s metropolitan transportation authority ( mta ) chairman joe lhota in a statement . safety is one of the most important things that we deal with every single day here.
the number of unwed mothers has risen sharply in the united states , so that about four out of every 10 births are to unmarried women , which includes most births to women in their early 20s . among mothers 35 or older , 71 percent had at least some college education . " the trend crossed major racial and ethnic groups . improvements in medical care and fertility treatment , along with marriage and childbearing postponed to seek additional education , all factor into the shifts . " children born to highly educated mothers increasingly are born later in life .
it is hoped that the 2013 election will break israel ' s voting record . ” tuesday ended with mr. some 3.6 million israelis have already exercised their right to vote and polling stations are struggling to keep up with the flow of voters . " it really is a celebration of story_separator_special_tag what space has been devoted to the race has emphasized the lackluster nature of the campaign and its foregone conclusion . obama and netanyahu meeting in ny , sept. iran , syria , al-qaida remain major concerns in america . smith high school for the arts in jerusalem .
9 photos : florida graves mystery 9 photos : florida graves mystery florida graves mystery – after their investigation at a former florida boys school led them to a grave in philadelphia , anthropologist erin kimmerle and cpl . " he seems to be sort of lost to time , " she said . records do not detail what drove curry south . once the nation ' s largest boys ' school , and later known as arthur g. some , like curry , were killed by blunt-force trauma . it was supposed to contain the remains of thomas curry .
with the support and blessing from her daughter , billie , we have found a way to honor carrie ’ s legacy and role as leia in episode ix by using unseen footage we shot together in episode vii. she was 60. carrie fisher on the set of the last jedi lucasfilm ltd. following her death , disney said that it had " no plans to digitally recreate fisher ' s performance . finding a truly satisfying conclusion to the skywalker saga without her eluded us . 20 , 2019 . according to the studio ’ s online announcement , production on the newest star wars adventure is expected to commence next week , on aug.
she had already penned an essay for the september issue of harper ’ s bazaar , and the magazine published an early excerpt ( titled “the good wife ” ) . after nervously speaking on weiner ’ s behalf at her first press conference , on tuesday evening abedin offered up a second defense of her husband , somewhat unwittingly . in separate posts , she wrote that weiner “did nothing wrong ” and “can continue sending dick pics every single day for the rest of his life as long as he continues to legislate like he does.
north korea ’ s response : a detailed plan to fire an intermediate-range ballistic missile at guam , the u.s. territory story_separator_special_tag the u.s. and south korea are to blame for north korea ’ s latest missile launch over japan , and further sanctions on the regime will not ameliorate the situation , russia said tuesday . conventional ... ” moments later ( associated press ) tokyo ( ap ) — conventional wisdom says that if north korea were ever to use its nuclear weapons , it would be an act of suicide . but brace yourself for what deterrence experts call the " theory of victory .
corrine brown was found guilty on thursday of taking money from a charity that was purported to be giving scholarships to poor students . ( ap ) — after a historic , nearly 25-year career representing florida in congress , former u.s. rep. she later left the courthouse holding onto the arm of a companion , surrounded by dozens of reporters . she shamefully deprived needy children of hundreds of thousands of dollars that could have helped with their education and improved their opportunities for advancement , and she lied to the irs and the american public about secret cash deposits into her personal bank accounts , ” said acting assistant attorney general kenneth blanco .
police said markham told them that she wanted to pursue a religious-based treatment and did not believe that her baby was dehydrated because the child was having bowel movements . " he ' s still on a soy formula – he ' s been on it , he likes it , he ' s doing well . [ see these ? kala rama is live at the casselberry police department for us . officers and child protective services tried to get her to come to the door for an hour . when she didn ' t show , police showed up at her apartment .
see more of t-bois blues fest on facebook story_separator_special_tag a new orleans woman was killed and two others injured when lightning struck on or near their tent at the t-bois blues festival in larose , authorities said sunday ( march 18 ) . all three were transported to the hospital for treatment . staged at the site of an alligator farm , the festival has come to be known in recent years as the " cajun burning man . i started reading them and it hit me that she ... posted by matthew l. webre said stavis was found unresponsive after the lightning strike occurred friday around 10 : 05 p.m. stavis was pronounced dead saturday at a lafourche parish hospital , webre said .
how did you story_separator_special_tag editor ' s note : in the most recent edition of new york , its annual reasons to love new york issue , the magazine published this story about a stuyvesant high school senior named mohammed islam , who was rumored to have made $ 72 million trading stocks . " " while mr. is there any figure ? then she [ jessica pressler ] called me . we were duped . yes . no . after the rolling stone campus rape story unraveled , readers of all publications can be forgiven for questioning the process by which americans get our news .
" crews admitted she had taken advantage of savanna greywind in an attempt to obtain her child and possibly keep the child as her own , " the complaint said . greywind was also a member of the tribe . prosecutors have charged the man and woman who lived there with conspiracy to commit murder in what they say was a scheme to take greywind ' s baby . police spokesman joseph anderson declined comment . this is our family . ( associated press ) fargo , n.d. bond was set at $ 2 million for each of the suspects .
a series of birth defects left him with a deformed spine and a left leg that was six centimeters shorter than his right one ; furthermore , he was small for his age , prompting his sister to nickname him " garrincha , " the portuguese word for wren . it ' s very upsetting not knowing where he is . garrincha formed an unbeatable partnership with pele during their time with brazil . according to garrincha ' s cousin , joao rogoginsky , another family member needed to be buried at the original site . the other is some 200 metres away , on higher ground .
it ' s that simple . the only exception is the " operational international space station activities , " the agency ' s associate administrator michael o ' brien said in a memo . please follow spaceref on twitter and like us on facebook . in addition , multilateral meetings held outside of russia that may include russian participation are not precluded under the present guidance . meredith mckay , 202.358.1240 or meredith.mckay@nasa.gov , in our office . with the reduced level of funding approved by congress , we ' re now looking at launching from u.s. soil in 2017.
, police said . one student and the attacker died later at the hospital , authorities said . the king has said sweden " is in shock " . there are no words to describe what they are going through right now . two others -- another teacher and student -- were wounded in the attack on the kronan primary and middle school . posing with students before attack ? he was 21 and resident in trollhattan , police said . some students wanted to take their picture story_separator_special_tag a knife-wielding masked man stabbed four people thursday at a school in southern sweden , killing a teacher and a student before being shot dead by police , authorities said .
ocampo was found shaking and vomiting in his single-man cell wednesday and taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead thursday afternoon , said orange county sheriff ' s lt. the killings continued on the streets with the slayings of homeless men . " a trial wouldn ' t have brought our loved ones back , " she said . " it really deprives the victims and the people of california of the ability to put mr. file - this undated file photo provided by the anaheim police department shows itzcoatl ocampo . jeff hallock . 20 , 2011.
cohen ’ s pleading of the 5th , we do not agree with it , ” he wrote on twitter . fbi agents working on that probe raided cohen ' s home and office looking for documents related to the daniels nondisclosure agreement . cohen ’ s declaration cited the investigation by federal prosecutors in new york , who are examining his role in quashing embarrassing stories about trump during the 2016 campaign , according to a person familiar with the matter . judge s. justice delayed is justice denied . james otero of united states district court in los angeles , sided with the president ’ s legal team that the unusual circumstances of the case warranted the stay of action .
alphabet is mostly a collection of companies . reuters notes that more than 100 companies have trademark registrations in the u.s. that incorporate the word alphabet in some capacity . so we are creating a new company , called alphabet . perhaps google ( alphabet ? the largest of which , of course , is google . our company is operating well today , but we think we can make it cleaner and more accountable . — chris andrikanich ( @alphabet ) august 10 , 2015 y combinator founder paul graham wrote a blog post saying it is an absolute must for companies story_separator_special_tag as sergey and i wrote in the original founders letter 11 years ago , “google is not a conventional company .
the fda suggests reading “may ” as “likely ” if an bar has any type of warning , ranging from “may contain milk ” to “manufactured in a facility that uses milk , ” consumers should assume that the bar contains some amount of milk — the fda found that 3 out of ever 4 bars with a warning contained milk . frustrated ? think again . deangelo . earlier this year , the agency issued preliminary findings , and is now releasing more information about its research . most of the time it ’ s casein.
he ' s a decent player for a guy in his 70s ! jeff j mitchell / getty images news four-time major champion rory mcilroy played golf with donald trump at trump international , florida , on sunday and has revealed that the president of the united states returned a score of " around 80 . but playing in his free time with trump *is* a political choice https://t.co/too2fidvvi — dermot looney ( @dlooney ) february 20 , 2017 @mcilroyrory .. " yes it does " , says everyone else . he takes a pretty good lash .
trump discussed the idea in a private meeting last week with house speaker paul ryan , a source familiar with the conversations said , as he reviewed the omnibus spending bill , which does not include funding for construction of a border wall . “build wall through m ! read more ” trump recently wrote on twitter . he retweeted those words tuesday , noting that “our military is again rich. “i can ’ t get into the specifics of that at this point , but i can tell you that the continuation of building the wall is ongoing , and we ’ re going to continue moving forward in that process , ” sanders told reporters .
a reward of $ 100,000 is being offered for information leading to the safe return of the 18-year-old u-va. matthew jr. was arrested on a beach in ... early thursday , matthew appeared briefly in a texas courtroom , where a judge denied bond and read matthew his rights . i have hope , and i think hannah ’ s mom and dad have hope. please click below to get started . charlottesville police chief timothy j. sophomore from fairfax county . 13. if you are a current 7-day subscriber you are granted an all-access pass to the website and digital newspaper replica .
” for a decade after graduating from stanford in story_separator_special_tag chelsea clinton says in a new interview that she ' s open to a run for a multitude of offices , from mayor of new york to the u.s. senate . i ’ m three ! that is my job right now. ’ flag-waving extraordinaire. the first time her then-boyfriend , now-husband , marc mezvinsky , visited little rock , she whisked him off to bojangles , her favorite childhood fried-chicken hole . … it ’ s funny to realize i feel called to this work as a daughter – proudly as a daughter.
charges are pending in the match.com case , webb said . he seemed charming and she agreed to see him again . " while incidents like this one between individuals who meet on match.com are extremely rare , it doesn ' t make them any less horrifying , " the statement said . after the second date , however , he allegedly followed her home and forced himself on her , webb said . the attorney said his client wants match.com to check members ’ names against public sex offender registries . officials with match.com could not be reached for comment late wednesday .
more than 6,500 palestinians have been wounded in the israeli strikes . " therefore i will not agree to any offer that does not allow the military to complete this important mission for the security of the people of israel . " an initial israeli aerial campaign against hamas was widened into a ground offensive on july 17. at least 116 palestinians and three israeli soldiers were killed wednesday . in a letter to un secretary general ban ki-moon , he accused israel of committing war crimes . ( haaretz ) 12 : 55 a.m. hamas says will abide by three-day gaza truce to begin on friday .
the sow bear was linked to the scene through dna analysis of hair and scat samples found near wallace ' s body , nash said . two fatal maulings occurred just outside the park in 2010. an estimated 600 grizzlies live in the greater yellowstone area , which includes parts of wyoming , montana and wyoming . take your camera ! great for all age groups . three of every four of those involved bears killing livestock or damaging property to get food , garbage , livestock feed or other human-related foods . a recent report showed run-ins between humans and that growing bear population reached record levels last year , with 295 conflicts recorded by researchers .
” read more : cdc says flu is now widespread across the county , and it ’ s not going away anytime soon trump to north korean leader kim : my ‘nuclear button ’ is ‘much bigger &amp; more powerful ’ cdc scientists pursue deadly monkeypox virus in africa story_separator_special_tag the centers for disease control and prevention has decided to postpone its session on nuclear attack preparedness next week . “despite the fear surrounding such an event , planning and preparation can lessen deaths and illness . “while federal , state and local agencies will lead the immediate response efforts , public health will play a key role in responding.
in comments published by the des moines register on saturday , grassley explained why the senate version of tax reform includes a traditional republican repeal of the estate tax : grassley was adamant about the need for change , even if farmers and small business owners represent a tiny minority of estate tax payers . “as opposed to those that are just spending every darn penny they have , whether it ’ s on booze or women or movies. gorsuch during his supreme court confirmation hearing . scott applewhite/ap j. charles e. guess which one got the most attention this weekend ?
sources close to him now reveal that one of the reasons he ’ s fallen for riley is that he feels he can trust her . rob is very happy with the way everything is turning out. ! we ' re thinking kristen sent riley to convince rob to give their relationship yet another go ! the 24-year-old hung with the british hunk at k-stew ' s birthday bash at malo in los feliz on april 9. are they or aren ' t they ? ” it seems unfair that rob would hold kristen ’ s past mistakes against her .
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . more : china ’ s first lady sparks fashion frenzy more : dumpling diplomacy : the u.s. treasury secretary ’ s beijing lunch enchants china
the name of britain ' s next prime minister will be either andrea or theresa . in a vote among 330 tory members of parliament , may was on top , with 199 votes , compared with 84 for leadsom . conservative mp tim loughton , mrs leadsom ' s campaign manager , said she would bring a " huge and fresh skills base " to downing street if elected . that though is where the similarities between may and leadsom end . two women . “we need proven leadership to negotiate the best deal for leaving the european union , to unite our party and our country
other types of cre have different methods of resisting the antibiotic . and what makes these bacteria even more dangerous is their ability to transfer that plasmid -- and that antibiotic resistance -- to normal bacteria that are present in our bodies . the target of thursday ' s report is relatively new . ( courtesy of cdc ) this post has been updated . when combining permeability defects , oxa-48-like producers may exhibit a high level of resistance to carbapenems . to view the erratum , please click here . newly described resistance in enterobacteriaceae , such as plasmid-mediated resistance to the last-line antimicrobial colistin , recently detected in china , and resistance to the newly approved antimicrobial , ceftazidime-avibactam , identified from a u.s. k.
royalty exchange has already sold shares of wiz khalifa ' s " see you again , " chris brown ' s " drunk texting " and the ariana grande-lil wayne track " let story_separator_special_tag jeff bass , a former producer and songwriting partner with eminem , recently spoke about how their relationship has changed since their last collaboration on 2009 ’ s relapse . ’ it was just , ‘i ’ m gonna go in a different direction. all artists probably do that . today ( sept. life happened . we could only have our vision of what he should be .
fidelito had been working for his uncle president raul castro as a scientific counselor to the cuban council of state and vice-president of the cuban academy of sciences at the time of his death . “but he seemed a bit weary about having to be a did fidel castro ' s name kill his son ? he was married to maría victoria barreiro and had three children from his previous marriage - fidel antonio castro smirnov , mirta maría castro smirnova and jos­é raúl castro smirnov . cuba scholars say his mother took him with her to the united states when he was aged five after announcing she wanted a divorce from castro , while he was imprisoned for an attack on the moncada military barracks in santiago .
in a statement , he said that mr. current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with russian officials include president trump ’ s son-in-law , jared kushner , as well as attorney general jeff sessions and secretary of state rex tillerson . comey publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in march . once again , the real story is that our national security has been undermined by the leaking of private and highly classified conversations. ” an fbi spokesman declined to comment . then-fbi director james b. kislyak . lavrov — on syria , ukraine and other issues — by saying that russian meddling in last year ’ s election had created enormous political problems for mr.
hours earlier , fitzgerald asked for 100 volunteers to help in the routine search for evidence that could be related to the case as the search for jayme closs entered its fourth day . the 13-year-old was likely at her family ' s barron home , located on highway 8 , when her parents were shot dead , and she vanished moments later , investigators believe . close jayme closs of barron remains missing . their daughter jayme was not in the house . here is what we know . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
who are you sleeping with ? the interview is made to look like the opposite of what it is : a friendly social interaction . the star and i always meet at a restaurant — the garden terrace at the chateau marmont or the clement at the peninsula — almost always for lunch . photograph by annie leibovitz ; styled by jessica diehl . she isn ’ t . o.k. i ’ m not , however , mis-stating it . use and be used , give and take , a mutual hustle and the way of the world .
” a year later , kylie is about to become a mother and is rumored to be due in february . she ’ s really excited. “he ’ s been so affectionate and protective of kylie since they found out . how many kids do i want ? it ' s also interesting ... oh , baby ! the pair have already proved their permanent love for each other with ink . we ' re told 20-year-old kylie began telling friends earlier this month at the day n night fest in anaheim , ca . ” “everyone is overjoyed for her , ” says the source .
sandusky said . mr. sandusky , in the interview , said that mr. sandusky said of his household ’ s relationship with children from the charity . sandusky used such gifts as a way to build a sense of trust and loyalty among boys he then repeatedly abused . paterno did not speak to him or confront him over the accusation , despite the fact that mr. “i remember the kids were downstairs , and we always had dogs , ” he said . and they just twisted that all. mr. mr. mr.
the bmj study linked high potato consumption to a higher diabetes risk . uk dietary advice says starchy foods ( carbohydrates ) such as potatoes should make up about a third of the food people eat . they analyzed records from 1991 to 2001 of women who had no history of illness before pregnancy and had not had gestational diabetes before . cuilin zhang , senior investigator in the epidemiology branch of the division of intramural population health research at nih ' s eunice kennedy shriver national institute of child health and human development . over the ten-year period , out of 21,693 pregnancies , there were 854 cases of gestational diabetes .
in addition , the researcher notes this papyrus has similar handwriting and ink to the gospel of jesus ' s wife , making it likely that the jesus ' s wife papyrus is also fake . on april 24 , christian askeland — a coptic specialist ... a live science investigation published last week revealed that laukamp was co-owner of acmb-american corporation for milling and boreworks in venice , florida . his work is set to be published in the journal tyndale bulletin and is currently posted on a blog . . . yet now it appears almost certain that the jesus-was-married story line was divorced from reality .
" i think it was irreversible and significant damage to this nation , " alexander said . deputy fbi director sean joyce said the web traffic program had contributed to arrests averting a plot to bomb the new york stock exchange that resulted in criminal charges in 2008. jim himes , d-connecticut , asked how many of those 50 episodes would have been thwarted without the use of phone records . but at the margins we are increasing our chances of preventing a catastrophe like that through these programs , ” obama told charlie rose on pbs . snowden ?
anthony list , for its part , recently launched a bus tour through indiana , ohio and pennsylvania to build momentum for its endorsed candidates . " sarah palin has made " mama grizzlies " a campaign theme , but a democratic women ' s group is growling back . today , we call upon women -- and men ! story_separator_special_tag susan b. both won . barbara boxer ( d ) against republican carly fiorina ; the minnesota house race where tarryl clark hopes to unseat rep. " clearly , in this ‘year of the pro-life woman , ’ which sarah palin helped make possible , women have found their political voices .
bush and michelle obama have been seen becoming increasingly chummy on saturday , obama reached over and grabbed bush into a hug ( cnn ) saturday ' s dedication of the national museum of african-american history and culture brought together the president who signed into law the funding for the museum and the president who was in office during its completion . at public events , the two can often be found sitting next to each other , sharing a laugh or lending a hand to hold . story highlights george w. redditors used former chief white house photographer david hume kennerly ’ s heartwarming picture of the first lady embracing her husband ’ s predecessor to engage in a good old photo-editing battle .
" here ' s the upshot : this is something that is solvable . close the cdc reports hundreds of women in the united states and its territories have shown signs of infection from the zika virus . " i think it ’ s a combination of both — both increasing numbers of pregnant women with a zika infection , and also a recent change in how we ’ re reporting out the numbers on a weekly basis , " honein said . dr. this information will assist health care providers who counsel pregnant women and will facilitate planning services for affected families .
story_separator_special_tag ups hates coming to your house , to begin tacking on surcharges for residential delivery last week , in advance of its quarterly earnings report , ups admitted that it over-spent on holiday shipping in 2014 and that it wouldn ’ t make that mistake again . the additional costs primarily affected the company ' s domestic ground package unit . analysts estimated $ 5.15 a share this year . “however , the financial results were below our expectations. " these pricing strategies will be designed to ensure we are properly compensated for the value we provide , " abney said .
the detroit teen was detained by police monday . he walked up to the counter and told the teller he was strapped with a bomb and to give him all the money , detroit police officer jennifer moreno said . they wouldn ' t budge either . contact katrease stafford : kstafford@freepress.com or 313-223-4759. he ' d make it no further . police say a 16-year-old , of detroit , entered chase bank located on seven mile on detroit ' s east side about 2 : 30 p.m. monday . often the glass is also bulletproof .
but it ' s been , i think , a really nice gift for a lot of people throughout the world . preston said that benjamin is helping the family to heal . it took preston three years to conceive . i just considered that it was difficult , " preston told today ' s natalie morales . and he made me laugh . and the most beautiful notes of happiness . of course that ' s normal . watch the video to see the entire interview , and preston ' s explanation the ideology behind scientology ' s " silent birth .
" she wanted to go to jail in caddo county was her explanation as to why she did not pull over . the officer yelled at the suspect to get out of the vehicle , but had no luck . he pulled out his gun . " instead of pulling over , the driver accelerated to speeds approximately 90 to 100 miles per hour , " said shannon mcclain , chickasha police . , led cops on a high speed chase this week because she wanted to be booked into a certain jail . [ image via news 9 ]
yesterday , next to a photo of himself in london , chet haze wrote : 2 types of people in this world : those who know exactly what it is they want and are doing everything they can to get it ; and those who just wander aimlessly through life because they are scared to death of failure . tom hanks most recently starred that ’ s something we call free speech . ! ! why does evil exist ? he doesn ’ t even deserve the attention. how did chester m. anyway , chet is a plain white rapper , but the iggy similarities don ' t end there .
adams said six other inmates had been waiting for dialysis treatment and were taken to a hospital for evaluation . " obviously , we are aware that he didn ' t ( show up the corrections department ' s law enforcement bureau is investigating , but an initial review indicates that estrada ' s lack of treatment story_separator_special_tag a utah state prison inmate died sunday after a medical contractor responsible for performing his dialysis treatment failed to show up on friday and saturday . one man remained hospitalized tuesday . ramon c. nurses are required to take post-treatment reports from those technicians and make better chart notes about the inmates ' condition .
though i ’ ve yet to spot anyone on people of walmart snapping it up , the book chased by an elephant , the gospel truth about today ’ s stampeding sexuality is available for purchase at over 100 walmart stores . included is a lengthy introduction by expert on overcoming homosexuality. ” the grahams claim that their son , andrew , successfully changed his sexual orientation and is now a happily married man . ” andrew says he is shedding light on the “deceitful and predatory nature of the ‘gay ’ lifestyle. packer ’ s conference talk this past sunday , ” the announcement said .
the cumberland county district attorney general ' s office and the tennessee department of children ' s services are involved in the investigation . he was taken to a knoxville area hospital . according to a news release , four children had been left in a vehicle while their mother and step-father went inside a business to pay a bill . police confirmed his death about 8 : 45 p.m. monday . crossville police described the incident as a " tragic accidental shooting . emergency responders arrived and found the victim was bleeding from the head . his condition was not immediately available .
" she looked as if she was in shock , " parks told jurors . a year later , savio ' s body was found in a dry bathtub at her home _ a gash on the back of her head . " after the statement , anderson broke down in tears and had to leave the courtroom , according to wls . parks and savio spoke again in october 2003 , with savio describing another encounter with peterson . drew peterson once grabbed his wife around her neck and asked , " why don ' t you just die ?
the court of master sommeliers , americas announced on tuesday that it would have to invalidate the blind-tasting test results for all 54 candidates in the class of 2018 because of “clear evidence ” of cheating . a compromised examination does not provide that guarantee. louis . for master sommeliers , there is no simple explanation . only that this year , somebody really did pull a fast one . in an oct. proctors are master sommeliers who have undergone a rigorous additional training process , typically lasting about four years . ( istock ) watching a sommelier blindly taste a flight of wines , figuring out their origins right down to the grapevine in a french village , is like watching a magician try to guess your card : you don ’ t believe it ’ s possible until they ’ re right .
christy sheats wanted " to punish her husband , " nehls said wednesday . a third 911 call came from a neighbor ' s home . she collapsed and died . jason sheats , 45 , escaped into the cul de sac and was not injured . related : shooting started with a ' family meeting ' the sisters and their father can be heard begging the woman to put down the gun . forgive [ inaudible ] ! “i ’ m sorry . " before the call drops off . she shot her again . after an argument , she " quickly " pulled out a handgun and fatally shot her two daughters before an officer killed her .
her father , russell barnes , has said it is out of character for her to take off without notifying someone.there has been no activity on any of phylicia ' s social-networking accounts , and police say her cell phone has been turned off since the day of her disappearance.authorities are looking at two possible scenarios in the case , guglielmi said . " we ' ve thrown every single tool , trick , machine , widget that we have in our law enforcement toolbox . why ? ... this is not a runaway . , but was visiting relatives in baltimore .
it happened shortly after 8 p.m. tuesday in the area of bellevue street and covert street , near isc plating in leslie . more than seven thousand people were expected to visit the festival grounds sunday night and about 50 thousand for the week more than seven thousand people were expected to visit the festival grounds sunday night and about 50 thousand for the week more than seven thousand people were expected to visit the festival grounds sunday night and about 50 thousand for the week more than seven thousand people were expected to visit the festival grounds sunday night and about 50 thousand for the week more than seven thousand people were expected to visit the festival grounds sunday night and about 50 thousand for the week more than seven thousand people were expected to visit the festival grounds sunday night and about 50 thousand for the week more than seven thousand people were expected to visit the festival grounds sunday night and about 50 thousand for the week the first incident was a pizza delivery man who was robbed at gunpoint .
in comparison , participants with a self-perceived age close to their actual age had a mortality rate of 18. physicians who complete the cme course and score at least 80 % correct on the quiz are eligible for ama pra category 1 credittm . please click the checkbox indicating that you have read the full article in order to submit your answers . " the average chronological age for the participants was 65.8 years , and the average self-perceived age was 56.8 years . andrew steptoe analyzed data from the english longitudinal study of ageing in 2004-2005 for 6,489 participants .
" the geese were up 29.6 percent , and swans were up 11 percent , " dunigan said , adding that none of the gifts in the song went down in price this year . nine ladies dancing will cost you $ 6,294.03 . the eight maids-a-milking still cost just $ 58 because the minimum wage hasn ' t risen . thrifty shoppers may find some reasons for cheer . pnc financial services group inc. all rights reserved . that comes to $ 107,300 . twelve drummers drumming ( $ 2,775.50 ) and eleven pipers piping ( $ 2,562 ) might also be considered relative bargains compared to seven swans , which will set you back $ 7,000 .
the hbo series normally debuts every new season in april , but season seven will likely launch later in 2017 , as showrunners david benioff and dan weiss revealed in a podcast interview with ufc unfiltered : we ’ re starting a bit later because at the end of this season , ‘winter is here ’ - and that means that sunny weather doesn ’ t really serve our purposes any more . [ digital spy ] talk about their ufc fandom.34 : 53 - how many more episodes are left in got ? and where are the people of dorne supposed to go , since their entire kingdom seems to be made of nothing but porches and patios ?
“that ’ s my goal . the stakes are higher if someone knows they have hiv and has sex with another person with the intent to transmit the disease ... then it ' s a felony punishable by a maximum of 8 years in prison . ” so , why should you care ? robert huizenga , an associate professor of clinical medicine at the university of california , los angeles . comparatively , fewer than 700,000 people in the early aughts had access to treatment . “now we must commit to ending the aids epidemic. no , definitely not , " he said .
they said investigations into mr spiers ' death were the responsibility of the polish government . the 39-year-old was prominent in conspiracy theorist circles , and had made a career out of investigating ufos and alleged cover-ups . a spokesperson told the independent the fco provided assistance to the family of a british national following his death , but explained the uk had no jurisdiction to investigate the death of british nationals overseas . not alive any longer , " she said in the interview posted on youtube . scott c. ms bates described her son as “incredibly strong , incredibly fit , nothing wrong with him at all " .
iranian president hassan rouhani and president obama are set to address the world body on tuesday , with the tantalizing prospect of a face-to-face meeting between the leaders of two nations so long poised as enemies . a constructive approach to diplomacy doesn ’ t mean relinquishing one ’ s rights . international politics is no longer a zero-sum game but a multi-dimensional arena where cooperation and competition often occur simultaneously . mohebbian said . and while mr. rouhani ’ s election in june may produce a genuine diplomatic breakthrough . three months ago , my platform of “prudence and hope ” gained a broad , popular mandate .
harlem mepham/filmmagic we ’ ve been told that before leaving for london this week , spears did a spree of radio spots , with the stations told that their five-minute interviews could discuss only brit-brit ’ s vegas show , her new single and her “britney jean ” album . “britney does not sing . ” court documents : britney spears ’ dad to conservatorship judge : i want more money ! team britney didn ’ t comment on the video . ) so the hosts have correct info when asking her questions. “that is not entertaining to our audience.
gela . platone parla dell ’ oricalco come di un metallo misterioso presente in atlantide e di elevato valore «a quel tempo il più prezioso dopo l ’ oro » e che le mura che comprendevano la cittadella ove insisteva il tempio di poseidone a clito «risplendevano con la rossa luce dell ’ oricalco » . photos : earth shots : must-see planet pics ( oct. the ship that was carrying them was likely caught in a storm and sunk just when it was about to enter the port . play video the ocean is in danger !
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . the first season will air this fall , while the second season is currently shooting in the u.k. in the first season , grint ' s character is wrongly diagnosed with a terminal illness by his incompetent doctor ( frost ) who convinces him to hide the truth of his misdiagnosis from colleagues , friends and family in a lie that spirals out of control . produced by british production firm king bert , founded by producer jo sargent and writers and actors david walliams and miranda hart , sick note is created and written by nat saunders and james serafinowicz .
" it ' s sad , but it didn ' t surprise me . investigators scour a hillside looking for evidence in the fatal crash of a ups cargo plane in birmingham , ala. , on friday , aug. " we ' re going to do our best to find out , " he said . some pilots simply avoid landing on runway 18 when possible , said veteran commercial pilot ross aimer . 14 during ... the impact sheared off pieces of the aircraft and sent them crashing onto two homes along with cerea beal , jr.
i met you the one time and story_separator_special_tag the post obtained transcripts of president trump ' s january 2017 phone conversations with mexican president enrique peña nieto and australian prime minister malcolm turnbull . it is a very elegantly designed leak . better still from a national-security establishment point of view : both calls make the foreign leader look good at home . maggie hassan , d-n.h. your words are so beautiful . — c.s . outraged by the jab , sen. i did not pay any attention to the details of this agreement before reading the transcript .
” mr. chris mcgreal of the guardian reported that paul “was barred because of his views on israel. " another referred to barbara jordan , a civil rights activist and congresswoman as " barbara morondon , " the " archetypical half-educated victimologist . paul “did not write , edit or authorize ” the language . leno that former senator rick santorum speaks about “gay people ” almost exclusively , adding , “and muslims. you agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for the new york times ' s products and services .
police said one of the victims was stabbed to death . “taylor and kylie were great students . ” story_separator_special_tag police say a woman and her two daughters were found dead in a north royalton home sunday night . the owner of the home , a female , was able to walk out unharmed . taylor was majoring in fashion design , while kylie was involved in theater and was majoring in forensic science. the suspect refused to leave the home for more than eight hours , and officers could be heard talking to him through a loudspeaker beginning at about 2 : 30 a.m. residents on the street were told by police to remain in their homes during the standoff .
with the help of the child ' s mother , officer reynolds cleared the baby ' s airway and got her breathing again , " the police department ' s jonah spangenthal-lee wrote in a monday blotter post . way south early sunday morning when he spotted a speeding car blowing through numerous red lights . " oh my god ! officer anthony reynolds was patrolling martin luther king jr. “we are so grateful. yusuf and abdashiek named the baby hadaya , which they said is arabic for " gift . graham street , the driver jumped out of his car and shouted that his wife was in labor .
" we have to be there for them in their hour of need , " obama said . the dead were stacked on streets and sidewalks , some victims covered with blankets or cardboard , or bound in winding sheets . nine planes from the united states were already in the air when faa issued the order , the official said . a british relief team arrived in neighboring dominican republic . in a collapsed school , the body of a student was slumped over what there was no estimate on how many people were killed by tuesday ' s magnitude-7 quake .
moe ' s southwest grill has unseated chipotle as fast casual mexican restaurant " brand of the year , " according to an annual harris poll . sales tanked , a rude awakening for a brand that had been wildly popularity for years . but the pile-on continues as other chains take advantage of the shifting fast-casual market food and begin to climb past the denver-based chain in customer ratings . coli-related issues . or second , or third , or fourth . moe ’ s showed the largest increase in brand equity ( 13 percent ) among all restaurants measured , and demonstrates one of the largest equity increases across all brands assessed , which is significant given the tendency for equity to resist rapid movement .
we ’ re told that after months of negotiation , silva is still holding out and — according to frances bean ’ s side — is taking “extreme and unsupportable positions ” on the disagreement . so he ' s asking a judge to make her pay up . frances made it clear in her divorce docs ... frances bean , who was not yet 2 years old when her father committed suicide in 1994 , denies that she gifted it to silva . story_separator_special_tag frances bean cobain hubby wants fat allowance you left me broke ! it ’ s a treasured heirloom of the family .
e ! is everywhere this content is available customized for our international audience . online latino ? would you like to view this in our spanish edition ? " no one had any idea this was coming , " a friend of scarlett ' s tells me . está em toda parte este conteúdo está customizado e disponível para nossa audiência internacional . story_separator_special_tag u.s. ca u.k. au asia de fr e ! e ! e ! e ! e ! ist überall dieser inhalt ist für internationale besucher verfügbar . e ! e ! souhaitez-vous voir ça dans notre édition française ?
the teens ' mother , theresa devine , was treated at a hospital and released , and is in occupational therapy , maron said . but on thursday , spokeswoman mary mears clarified that it was just one that month . the united states department of justice has also opened the esmond family of wilmington , delaware , was staying at the resort when they began having seizures march 20. john . enck said the chemical was used by pest control company terminix . u.s. environmental protection agency officials said the agency is looking into the use of the pesticide methyl bromide at the sirenusa condominium resort in cruz bay , st.
but abortion-rights supports say the law is a thinly veiled attempt to block access to abortions in texas , and they promised to appeal to the u.s. supreme court , which temporarily sidelined the law last year . texas currently has about 17 abortion providers , down from 40 clinics in 2012. “not since before roe v. george p. republican gov . the structural requirements include specific room and doorway sizes , air sterilization systems , backup generators and blood supplies on hand . " abortion practitioners should have no right to operate their businesses from sub-standard facilities and with doctors who lack admitting privileges at a hospital , " paxton said .
seagal , who became a russian citizen in 2016 , is a close friend of russian president vladimir putin . so that the people in the united states of america won ' t really see what ' s happening , " he added . также договорились ускорить ратификацию подписанного ранее межправительственного соглашения о сотрудничестве в сфере мирного использования ядерной энергии и подписание целого ряда других проектов и документов , которые касаются облегчения визового режима , автомобильного транспорта и сотрудничества в сфере охраны окружающей среды . story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag ...
( ap ) — a 59-year-old kansas man was killed when the motorcycle he was driving friday night collided with a black cow on a blacktopped road . russell , kan. no one else was hurt . " it was dark . zordel was pronounced dead at the scene . zordel was driving in the roadway when the accident happened and it is not clear if he was speeding or if the cow suddenly appeared from the side of the road . kansas highway patrol trooper brant birney said there were no witnesses when james zordel hit the cow on a paved rural road about six miles south of interstate 70 near russell .
" elara mosquera/abc news bresnan ' s never a missed the couple has 10,000 love notes filled with endless ‘i love yous. “and while we were on the long island railroad having coffee together i ’ d scribble a little something a napkin or write it on the end of a newspaper and that kept developing until i gave her actual cards , ” bill bresnan said . interested in ? their relationship blossomed . the couple is now screening the letters , deciding which are appropriate to be saved for their four children someday , and gently disposing of notes meant for their eyes only .
she called that " a miss america rule . story_separator_special_tag the class action lawsuit filed in delaware ' s court of chancery seeks $ 3 million in damages amanda longacre of bear waves to the crowd after being crowned miss delaware at dover downs on june 14 . " but when soucek told the news journal that longacre would get $ 9,000 scholarship from the state title , she was asked about her other scholarship funds 31 , meaning they could not have been born before 1990. then , the previously unidentified state pageant official who axed her – executive director debi wilson was a named defendant in the filing – " offered to make it up to her by hosting a wine and cheese pajama party , " the suit says .
well , actually , it ' s not quite a music video — it ' s a website . i got kind of choked up when i saw san rosendo dr. you probably have an opinion about them , and their new album . if you navigate over to the site , you ' re encouraged to " enter the address of the home where you grew up . [ stereogum ] ( mine is : " kids these days ! barf ) . so , the arcade fire . but i ' m hoping for " cool .
mike dewine has also said there were marijuana growing operations at three of the locations where bodies were found . the victims — all members of the rhoden family — appear to have been targeted . " it wasn ' t just somebody sitting pots in the window , " he said . file - in this friday , april 22 , 2016 file photo , authorities set up road blocks at the intersection of union hill road and route 32 at the perimeter of a crime scene , in pike county , ohio . dr. as the investigation ...
in 2008 , google launched google health , which is designed to let users organize , monitor , track and use health information on the site . google teamed up with wedding planner michelle rago for the templates , and rago also provides tips to the soon-to-be-betrothed . the site is the latest attempt by google to insinuate itself into consumers ' lifestyles . story_separator_special_tag education around the world and back with google for education we ’ re live from bett in london , sharing international news and updates from google for education . the company announced the move today on its official google blog .
in addition , it says the facial scans and fingerprint data will not be transmitted in a form that could be intercepted , stolen or used by scammers . china ' s e-commerce giant alibaba recently demoed a pay-with-your-face system of its own . " story_separator_special_tag image copyright mastercard image caption users will have to blink while using the identity check app ' s selfie feature credit card firm mastercard has confirmed it will accept selfie photos and fingerprints as an alternative to passwords when verifying ids for online payments . you can also keep track of our technology correspondent rory cellan-jones and the rest of the team covering the barcelona event via a dedicated twitter list .
either way , he showed a complete lack of moral courage in that clip , and he has shown once again that he completely unqualified to be president of the united states . " gop front-runner donald trump ' s racism knows no bounds . " the audience members comments and trump ' s response were quickly denounced by democrats . " i was appalled , " clinton said bluntly to a question from cnn ' s suzanne malveaux . " " anyway , we have training camps growing where they want to kill us , " the man , wearing a " trump " t-shirt , continued .
most of you . " — phone conversation with grigorieva , via update : listen to it here . " you look like a fucking pig in heat , and if you get raped by a pack of niggers , it will be your fault . 2. he isn ’ t afraid to throw shade — and robert downey jr. they ’ re the only network that ’ s truly fair and impartial and that ’ s because they ’ re the only network with zero nominations . she received overwhelming support from people everywhere . we have compiled the bible of terrible mel gibson quotes .
reporter : a word that a pembroke pines police officer was allegedly denied service at an arby ' s restaurant because she ' s a cop . we ’ re just trying to get people out of the drive thru. look , at the end of the day , police officers are under attack in america . he may still have his job tonight but the controversy is certainly growing around what happened . terrell . he said it was because he was so busy with other customers that he had to ask his manager for help . i hope the rest of the nation doesn ' t , either .
” boehner insisted that “the house cannot pass a bill that raise taxes on job creators . boehner ’ s comments came after obama repeatedly praised boehner in his own press conference this morning for being willing to explore a “grand bargain ” that would cut spending on popular entitlement programs like medicare , medicaid and social security in return for as much as $ 1 trillion in new revenue . ) . 2 deadline . he embraced the idea of significant tax reform . “the gulf between the two parties now is about policy .
and every time you have that soil or rock whatever it is that is deposited into the seas , that forces the sea levels to rise . " " what about erosion ? ” brooks exclaimed . during a hearing of the house committee on science , space , and technology on wednesday , rep mo brooks ( r-ala. he please try again later . the planet loses tens of billions of tons of ice each year . brooks asked if any other factors were contributing to sea level rise . cities like new orleans are sinking quickly , even faster in many places than the seas are rising .
” on the same show , mcconnell echoed that “we had a good day yesterday ” and the parties “were very close ” to crafting a deal framework that he could “soon ” recommend that senate republicans support . ) described the mood on capitol hill on cnn ’ s state of the nation sunday morning . chuck schumer ( d-n.y. i hope it bears fruit. the measure would raise the debt limit by $ 2.4 trillion while cutting spending by $ 2.2 trillion . house democratic leader nancy pelosi pleaded for an end to " this theater of the absurd " and said " it ' s time for us to get real .
but officials said one shock increase followed by smaller increases is more reasonable . he says pumping up the cost of cigarettes won ' t stop smokers . 3 news story_separator_special_tag pack of cigarettes ' may rise to $ 100 ' in nz the price of a packet of cigarettes is set to rise significantly as new zealand looks to stamp out smoking the cost of a packet of cigarettes in new zealand could rise to as much as $ 100 dollars - around £ 50 - by 2020 amid moves to stamp out smoking . “it is expensive , cocaine is expensive .
giant hogweed can be controlled manually , mechanically , and with herbicides . in order for your control effort to be successful , you will have to ensure that no additional seeds are being introduced to the area . one plant was found in clarke county . the final part to any control method is to plant grasses or other vegetation to provide competition for giant hogweed and decrease soil erosion . photo of giant hogweed burn - 5 days to 5 months after initial exposure photo credit : bob kleinberg what are the symptoms of exposure to giant hogweed sap ?
” the source added that it ’ s unclear whether the academy will end its 83-year relationship with the accounting firm after the mix-up . “we check things dozens of times , recounts and double-checks , ” cullinan said . … i wasn ' t trying to be funny . 10. so far , there ’ s never been a problem. story_separator_special_tag as of mid-tuesday , officials at the academy of motion picture arts and sciences were still reviewing sunday night ’ s oscar debacle , when la la land was mistakenly announced as best picture instead of moonlight , and they were still considering possible fixes .
inspired by a recent tilt campaign , that brought the foo fighters to charlottesville , va for a previously unscheduled gig , craig mandell has created a tilt crowd-funding campaign to prevent nickelback from returning to his city . " all proceeds will go to charity , " the site says . ” “just imagine , thousands – perhaps tens of thousands of music lovers – all not witnessing an exclusive concert by nickelback in london , ” wrote mandell . it will be glorious . story_separator_special_tag correction appended , october 7 , 2014 nickelback doesn ' t have any shows scheduled in london right now , and if one man gets his way , the much-maligned band will never have any shows in london again .
it ' s easy to be callous , she shrieks at the bored and bewildered girl in front of her , easy not to give a shit . i was just fourteen years of age when a coward by the name of tom chaney shot my father down and robbed him of his life and his horse and two california gold pieces that he carried in his trouser band . what takes courage is actually caring about yourself and the world . pg-13 : violence . but it did happen . now it ’ s the thinner scene-stealer jeff bridges who sits and sometimes drunkenly slumps in the saddle .
' " we had to hold her up . he said he pushed the weed aside and there it was . story_separator_special_tag randy and rhonda thill after a ride to hudson , wis. they handed her a flashlight and a pair of glasses they found in the median . allen , vice president of los valientes motorcycle club , wanted to help . a trooper went back to the scene to look for the ring but couldn ' t find it . thing ! " she held her head down , " allen said . allen and his girlfriend walked up to thill .
i didn ' t do a credit check , because i wasn ' t accepting money from her . ralph and marcella bracamonte hired diane stretton via craigslist , offering her room and board for taking care of their three children . in an email sent this weekend to marc cohen , the bracamontes ' lawyer , stretton said she tried to move out of the house but there was " always a bunch of news vehicles right in front of the house . " while stretton and the bracamontes come up with a solution , the case raises some burning questions .
gregory copeland , supervising attorney of the immigration law unit at the legal aid society , said the stay is a victory for villavicencio , his family and for " due process and the fair administration of justice . new york gov . villavicencio will remain in immigration and customs enforcement custody in new jersey until his case goes to court . a background check showed story_separator_special_tag / updated by phil helsel lawyers say they ’ ve won an emergency stay blocking the deportation of an ecuadorean man who was turned over to immigration officials after making a pizza delivery to an army base in new york .
she doesn ’ t tell anyone about her cancer , not even her husband , paul ( oliver platt ) , or her son , adam ( gabriel basso ) , or her brother , sean ( john benjamin hickey ) , a homeless ecology nut who lives out of dumpsters . it is a tribute to ms. i ' m here for 18 more months ! laugh ? you ' ve got laura linney , an actress who has been easy to love ever since she charmed the world as mark ruffalo ' s weary older sister in " you can count on me .
larry johnson tried to grab his uncle ’ s gun when he was shot in the chest . the prosecutor said his office will await the conclusion of the autopsy and toxicology results and completion of an investigative file before presenting the case to the meigs county grand jury . “i ’ m having a hard time believing it was over a chicken. that panel next meets in november . then things started to get heated . we hadn ’ t seen him in forever , ” said april johnson . the bird was found tied to a chair outside the trailer .
story highlights autopsy shock : teen ' s organs removed , cavity filled with newspaper " we thought we were burying kendrick , not half of kendrick , " father says kendrick johnson was found dead in a rolled-up gym mat in january his death was ruled accidental ; a private autopsy challenged that finding the death of 17-year-old kendrick johnson was awful enough for his parents . but when dr. now , death scene imagery obtained exclusively by cnn has led a former fbi agent to question how the three-sport athlete died . they won a court order to have their son ' s body exhumed and a second autopsy performed in june .
president obama commanded house speaker john boehner and senate majority leader harry reid on tuesday to work out a budget deal or else return to the white house every day until they do . that ' s fine . in a surprise appearance in front of reporters in the briefing room , obama said he and his team are “prepared to meet for as long as possible to get this result. " that is not a way to run a government . 30. boehner has already orchestrated action by congress to pass a pair of stopgap bills , so far cutting $ 10 billion from an estimated $ 1.2 trillion budget to fund the day-to-day operations of government through the fiscal accounting period .
' trump tweets . ” trump earlier on friday had used the latest attack to offer tough talk on terrorism , and implied that scotland yard officials had fallen down on the job — although it ’ s unclear what non-public information , if any , the president based the comment on . ” he wrote in a follow-up post that “loser terrorists ” should “be dealt with in a much tougher manner ” and urged the u.s. to curb their internet access , which serves as a recruiting tool for terrorists . learn more you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
about 41 percent of people ages 18 to 29 said they never thought about retirement planning , a number that understandably declined to 20 percent for people above the age of 60. this is no simple report to ignore , and this can affect the future of many things in america . they also cited a combination of low resources and poor awareness : the lack of preparedness is not signaled by a lack of planning alone . what ' s going on here ? for instance , a third of households who had applied for credit since then , economic growth has been inconsistent .
and for me , now i post a photo and i don ' t care . what are you doing , ariel winter ? she also isn ' t afraid to call out her haters . yes story_separator_special_tag ariel winter has issued a statement defending the dress that she wore to wednesday night ’ s modern family screening . think of the worst sound you ' ve ever heard . boy bye ! you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . *insert fire emojis here . ” ariel continued . " ariel is def trying too hard to look slutty , " one user wrote .
" he likes to engage with readers , but there ' s so much interest it ' s hard for him to interact well . his collected poems will be published in spring 2016. he has lived in self-imposed exile for years and is often a harsh critic of his home country . ” – clive james forget dancing backwards in somewhere she can get un-dressed : the only scene for which we give two hoots . they ’ re tattooed on her thigh . the heavies blast the road or bomb the train . murakami will also answer fans ’ questions on his likes and dislikes - including cats , a favourite animal of his , and the yakult swallows , the japanese baseball team he supports .
but if the threat posed by islamic state justifies a rethinking of obama ' s aversion to intervention in syria , might it not also incline him to change his view about " no boots on the ground " ? we find that prospect troubling . gen. obama said that wouldn ' t require u.s. combat forces . follow the opinion section on twitter @latimesopinion story_separator_special_tag the initial bombing raids on islamic state targets in syria monday night mark a welcome offensive that takes the war to the terrorists who beheaded two americans and threaten u.s. interests in the middle east and security at home .
christensen said the woman panicked after he made a wrong turn , and he let her out of his car a few blocks from where they met , prosecutors said . the last person to be sentenced to death in a federal courtroom in illinois was dr. earlier this month , it was revealed prosecutors would seek the death penalty against billy arnold , an alleged gang member accused of killing two rivals in michigan . on june 29 , christensen attended a campus rally for zhang with a girlfriend the supreme court won ' t get involved in a death penalty case in which a convicted killer in illinois complained that prosecutors focused the jury ' s attention on the fact that he never testified on his own behalf .
” in a separate note sent to employees yesterday , chief executive officer mike duke said wal-mart is conducting an “aggressive investigation ” and “will not tolerate violations anywhere or at any level of the company. labor critics again raised alarms about the company ’ s practices . ‘anti-corruption program ’ alisa finelli , a justice department spokeswoman , declined to comment . cummings ( d-md. elijah e. ) and henry a. reps. the u.s. chamber institute for legal reform , an arm of the chamber that has been a leader in criticizing the law , listed two wal-mart executives as board members in its 2010 tax form : jeff gearhart , wal-mart ’ s general counsel , and thomas hyde , a former wal-mart corporate secretary who stepped down in august 2010.
without naming her at the time , reno police lt. the suspect told the officers " give me 15 minutes to gather my thoughts story_separator_special_tag list of celebrities charged with domestic abuse , loosely ranked by fame and popularity . rulla said she was previously a victim in a kidnapping and domestic incident with her husband . the incident started at 6 : 30 a.m. when reno police received a call of a man found dead at a home in the 2300 block of escalera court in northwest reno . marcella corona covers breaking news for anjeanette damon contributed to this story .
happily , though , houston ’ s presence in “sparkle ” isn ’ t maudlin or discomfiting . it ' s houston in church singing " his eye is on the sparrow . – sister and her sisters . sparkle writes all the songs and yearns to be a star ! it ' s sparkle ( jordin sparks ) , a churchy mama ' s girl , who does mind . ” whether they listen is another story . . oh , brother . go to bed . houston plays the disapproving mother of a daughter who longs to make it big as a singer ; in a role that plays like a cautionary mirror version of houston ’ s own fatal battles , she warns against the depredations of an entertainment industry that indulges and exploits young talent just as intently as it nurtures it .
" justice antonin scalia was a man of god , a patriot , and an unwavering defender of the written constitution and the rule of law , " texas gov . he was 79. former president ronald reagan nominated scalia to the court in 1986. the body will be story_separator_special_tag u.s. supreme court justice antonin scalia was found dead saturday , cbs news has confirmed . a priest was called to administer last rites . the funeral home was selected by his family , according to the funeral director there . he didn ' t get up for breakfast on saturday morning , and the group he was with for a hunting trip left without him .
” “he acknowledged that his action was not right and promised that it will not happen again , ” the diocese said in its statement . they include web captures of the iskme.org website as well as captures from sites hosted by igc.org.these web captures are available to the general public.for more information about this collection please feel free to contact mark via send mail story_separator_special_tag see more of novus ordo insider on facebook story_separator_special_tag a catholic priest in the philippines has been forced to repent after he took a spin on a hoverboard — during christmas eve mass .
( ap ) — a teenager fell from a stopped gondola ride at an upstate new york amusement park saturday night , tumbling into a crowd of park guests and employees gathered below in an effort to catch the victim before she hit the ground . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . queensbury , n.y. that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
the returns for 2010 and estimates for 2011 showed that he will pay a total of $ 6.2 million in taxes on income of $ 42.5 million . “you ’ ll see my income , how much taxes i ’ ve paid , how much i ’ ve paid to charity , ” romney said at a debate monday night in tampa . the revelation that romney pays a significantly lower tax rate than most wealthy americans underscores his image as a multimillionaire financier , an image that some republicans believe would hurt his chances in the general election .
monday ’ s launch represented the first time spacex has delivered a satellite into space for nro . usa today a spacex falcon 9 rocket lifts off from kennedy space center , fla. tough call , as high altitude wind shear was at 98.6 % of the theoretical load limit , ” musk posted on twitter just after liftoff . close spacex ' s falcon 9 rocket was carrying the national reconnaissance office ' s nrol-76 mission . that meant a one-day delay . got a news “or worse , could potentially over stress the rocket , causing catastrophic failure.
matthew is suing duggar for the wrongful use of his image , and for damages ... he adds he ' s been getting harassing messages referring to him as " duggar ' s boy toy " and " dj duggar . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . before his child-molestation scandal , duggar and his family lived 15 minutes away from alexandria , in oxon hill , md . aka cash . the picture is obviously not of josh duggar . so if a man in his 20s were to try and find a discreet , anonymous photo for a social media profile , it ’ s possible he ’ d find this one .
uci ’ s parham acknowledged “missteps ” but emphasized that all students “who meet the terms and conditions of the admissions offer will be welcomed into the anteater family . as with other colleges and universities , admission is considered provisional until final transcripts are submitted by a deadline , and a determination is made that there are no discrepancies between the grades and courses on the application and those on the official final transcript . the science library at uci . ( file photo , orange county register/scng ) a goup of high school students and their parents take a tour of the uci campus .
petraeus . petraeus ' s communications had revealed that gen. david petraeus , left , and john allen listen to a speech story_separator_special_tag jill kelley , the tampa socialite connected to isaf commander john allen and former cia director david petraeus , is an " honorary consul " of south korea , a diplomatic official with direct knowledge of the arrangement told the cable . we ' ve obscured the numbers in this image . 12. ms. “ she turns heads , related : heat ' s on president obama in four-star fiasco for u.s. related : paula broadwell holes up in brother ' s washington , d.c. home related : gen.
" story_separator_special_tag according to a copy of the will obtained by the cbs television show inside edition he acknowledged the existence of his children , including the actress jamie lee curtis , but said he had " intentionally and with full knowledge chosen not to provide for them . i ' m in shock ! now she and her siblings find themselves cut out of their father ' s will . meanwhile , curtis ' s widow jill released a statement saying , " tony ' s last will and testament and his passing wishes are private family matters .
” foley ’ s parents , diane and john , told obama that they ’ re counting on him to keep the promises he made “after the horrific execution of our son. “we implore you : bring austin tice home. ” the families gave wrenching testimonials about having a loved one held hostage in syria . damascus denies any knowledge of his whereabouts . shirley and arthur sotloff were even more direct . . . they alluded to diplomatic efforts and urged officials not “to hesitate in leveraging all appropriate means. mueller , who reportedly was enslaved and assaulted for months by islamic state leader abu bakr al baghdadi , died in a coalition strike , apparently an inadvertent casualty of the u.s.-led campaign targeting the islamic state ’ s so-called caliphate in iraq and syria .
this is horrific . " the computer game was going to be released via the digital marketplace steam , and was developed by revived games , which marketed it as a " dynamic swat simulator . it is despicable . hopefully this will clarify a few things for each of you . please sign this petition asking valve to not launch this game . ata is a troll , with a history of customer abuse , publishing copyrighted material , and user review manipulation . ! ! how can anyone sleep at night knowing that they are profiting from turning deadly school shootings into entertainment ?
pelosi said she ’ s expecting to be challenged for her leadership position as she has in the past and is ready for it . if the appropriations negotiations get deferred into the next congress , then pelosi could have more leverage if democrats win the house majority in november . .. story_separator_special_tag .... hopefully mexico will stop this onslaught at their northern border . you also agree to our terms of service . ” most of pelosi ’ s comments during the harvard politics discussion were ones that have become familiar tunes of late . pelosi emphasized democrats do support border security but they would prefer to look at strengthening existing security measures as part of a comprehensive overhaul of immigration laws .
" he deserved it . " it ' s the only time i ' ll ever tell derek jeter no . " i was going to give him a couple of pipe shots , " wainwright said . as jeter strolled toward home plate in the bottom of the first inning , wainwright laid his glove on the mound , took a walk toward second base and joined in the wall-to-wall applause at target field . while reflecting on jeter ' s at-bat , he provided one detail too many . i messed up by speaking afterward . and you know what ?
" regulations to stay on designated trails and boardwalks in thermal areas are for visitor safety and the safety of the exceptional park natural resources . story_separator_special_tag yellowstone national park , wyo . the man was issued a federal violation notice , requiring an appearance in the yellowstone justice center court . the hefty fine follows another tourist incident at yellowstone this year in which park visitors loaded a bison into their vehicle because it " looked cold . park officials were unable to recover his body . he also admitted to collecting hot springs water . a park spokeswoman told the associated press the wanted to water for medical purposes .
found across asia , these nuts are harvested from the areca palm and are chewed for their warming glow and stimulating properties . this is known as a betel quid . it gives people a buzz equivalent to six cups of coffee and is used variously as a symbol of love , marriage and a cure for indigestion and impotence . worryingly , the international agency for research on cancer story_separator_special_tag bbc has reported on the dangerous affliction hitting taiwan — the chewing of betel nuts , which is believed to be responsible for its oral-cancer epidemic . it is one of the most popular psychoactive substances in the world , in fourth place after nicotine , alcohol , and caffeine .
christchurch , new zealand &#124; christchurch , new zealand ( reuters ) - u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton ruled out running for president in 2012 or 2016 on friday , saying the united states should be ready for a woman president but it would not be her . " ... " i ’ m sorry . garner continued : " even as going as far as 2016 ? " and we , in a purely bilateral basis , have concerns about the fact that australia " has a free-trade agreement , began key . " " oh yes , yes , " clinton reiterated .
energy department officials continued to make loan payments to the company even after it had defaulted on the terms of its loan . and w.h . did by video teleconference and energy secretary steven chu attended . he also communicated directly with solyndra officials who were anxiously awaiting word from washington that their loan would be approved . dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . vice president joseph r. biden jr. 31. browner . ultimately , mr. the new e-mails provide further evidence of high-level cheerleading on behalf of solyndra , a maker of innovative tubular rooftop solar panels that declared bankruptcy last month and laid off 1,100 workers .
but i ' m not sure even he believes it ' s the right decision . tonight obama showed a steely resolve , a rhetorical determination that has been lacking up to now . of course , i mostly failed at that . it means finally owning a war that will claim the lives of many more americans -- and , given the history of these things , risk his presidency . « key democrats react to obama &#124; main &#124; obama ' s speech : morning review thoughts » one of the tropes of modern politics is to establish oneself as a sensible centrist , a third way realist surrounded by naivety on both sides .
’ to his probation officer . recommended for you recommended for you recommended for you most read the second case of stupid comes out of alabama . cross jr. cocaine was found . his home was raided . " in a message to that person , and then hit " send . seems to have gotten his wires crossed — or , more accurately , his fingers — when he reportedly texted who he thought was his drug dealer . right up there with simon from alvin and the chipmunks and former president george h.w . bush . but the immediacy offered by cellphones
according to a new report by the non-partisan commission on wartime contracting in iraq and afghanistan , tens of billions of those dollars have been wasted.the report ' s authors note that the " waste , fraud , and abuse " they have observed in these contract programs were caused by significant errors . sen. " reforms are badly needed . the commission last week issued a blistering interim report to congress : " at what risk ? " among the proposals to rein in contractors is the creation of special teams of full-time federal workers to be ready to deploy and monitor projects .
lucy with her partner darren o ' neill lucinda smith started feeling unwell with a pain in her shoulder a few days after she scratched her hand while gardening at her home in billericay in essex . ” the most common infections that can lead to sepsis include lung infections , such as pneumonia , urinary tract infection , gut infection , and skin infection . – shirley , mother the inquest ruled she died of toxic shock caused by sepsis . it was too late . “recognition and treatment against sepsis is a race against time. , for nearly 80 percent of patients , sepsis begins outside of the hospital .
police said he was travelling between wonganoo and windidda stations with a woman on january 4 , when their vehicle broke down . the man ' s body was found by the road only two kilometres from windidda station . shires will know those or check www.mainroads.wa.gov.au . topics : death , wiluna-6646 first posted wiluna , a village of several hundred residents which is the biggest population center in the region , had a forecast maximum temperature of 39 degrees celsius ( 102 fahrenheit ) on thursday . she was rescued by passersby on wednesday afternoon and taken to her destination where she raised the alarm .
" read : prison sentences for women as egypt clamps down on protest ( associated press ) an egyptian woman supporter of ousted president mohammed morsi stands inside the defendants ' cage in a courtroom in alexandria , egypt , wednesday , nov. " he ' s being punished for that . legislation restricting demonstrations reignited confrontations between police and the non-islamist opposition , especially at university campuses across the country . " gen. prominent activist alaa abdel-fattah , detained during the mubarak and the military council regimes in 2006 and 2011 , is being held pending investigations for his alleged involvement in calling for a demonstration .
at least 6 persons were killed and 40 were injured when ... " the building collapsed like a pack of cards within three to four seconds , " he said . and homes in illegal buildings sell at a lower price compared to those in legal ones . police said a case had been registered and an inquiry had begun and that they were searching for the builders to arrest them . building collapses are common with poor construction practices often blamed . raghuvanshi said friday . ( associated press ) rescue workers carry the body of a man near the site of a residential building which collapsed in thane , mumbai , india , thursday , april 4 , 2013.
' " perez said . “she was just crying and holding on , ” he said . can i talk you closer ? " i walked up to her calmly . " possible jumper on the york bridge . her interview with officer perez is a story that is only on 2. " a dispatcher could be heard saying over a police scanner . she was telling me they treated her poorly and badly and would lock her in a room every time she was bad , " perez said . now when he looks at the bridge , fear goes through his mind , he said .
the speech is timeless and could be taken from any point in his career , but it ’ s a reminder that he ’ s not done with us . slated for september 2017 , ( adult ) fans of the cult filmmaker behind pink flamingos and polyester can make their way to kent , connecticut for a weekend of debauchery at camp john waters . like " hairspray , " " make trouble " fulfills its genre expectations while also gloriously subverting them . with the massive social changes going on today , his words are poignant now more than ever.
firefighters were able to get three of the five children out of the structure . the mother was in a vacant lot next to the house in nothing but her underwear , rivera said . a neighbor called 911 and alerted authorities about the fire . those children were given cpr and they , along with acevedo , were taken to st. " we have a relatively young department and most the guys have children . so it hits pretty hard and the fact that it ' s so close to christmas hits even harder story_separator_special_tag youngstown — a fire that killed five children late sunday was accidental , said city fire investigator capt .
after sitting through ( actually standing , as the press was placed on the floor of the arena for a couple of hours with no seats ) the performance , in which the cirque ' s performers acted out and demonstrated a number of ways that kinect can be used , my first impression is that microsoft has hit on something with some serious potential . dance central a dance-em-up game made by mtv games . kinectimals play with 20 different kitties like a lion , cheetah and tiger . kinect adventures river rafting with multiple players that move their bodies in the raft .
boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev sentenced to death read more but despite the dramatic news from the boston courtroom on friday , tsarnaev ’ s fate will take years to reach its conclusion . a further 13 states have one inmate each . in court papers , defense lawyer william fick cited a recent dissent by u.s. supreme court justice stephen breyer in which he said that he believes the death penalty " now likely constitutes a legally prohibited ' cruel and unusual punishment. the filing says even on social media jurors would have seen friends and relatives posting about the 2013 bombing .
bernie sanders said he hopes to end the “private , for-profit prison racket ” with the introduction thursday of bills to ban private prisons , reinstate the federal parole system and eliminate quotas for the number of immigrants held in detention . democratic presidential candidate sen. raul manuel grijalva ( d-ariz. ) . , speaks at a civil rights rally at lincoln memorial in washington , d.c. on tuesday . “making sure that corporations are not profiteering from the incarceration of fellow americans is an important step forward. they should be carried out by those who answer to voters , not those who answer to investors.
" in may 2009 , carvajal dined at houston ' s in north miami beach . " he went to the hospital , where an " exploratory laparotomy " revealed artichoke leaves lodged within his bowel , he claims . you can guess the rest of the story . carvajal began “experiencing severe abdominal pain and discomfort , ” according to the suit . we ' ve embedded the complaint below . as a result , mr. ginsberg . are we going to have to post warnings on our menu they shouldn ' t eat the bones in our barbecue ribs ?
police said the boy ’ s father is talking with detectives . komo once they arrived at the home in fife , the women allegedly retied the child ’ s mother in the garage and took the child into the house . what ' s going on? " it was my sister who had asked me as a favor to watch her boyfriend ' s son . “we ’ re still trying to figure this all out , ” graddon said . sgt . update , 9 : 40 a.m. rather than immediately call police , however , investigators say she called a relative .
the rocky reboot creed fought for an additional $ 10.1 million in its third weekend for fourth place ( $ 79.3 million total ) . director adam mckay ' s look at the 2008 housing crash , the big short , was a big winner in its limited opening weekend . “it ’ s all about getting to christmas. warner bros. 68 % of those who came opening weekend were over 35 , according to exit polls . " you can see studios being interested in this story . braving storms , starvation , panic and despair , the men will call into question their deepest beliefs , from the value of their lives to the morality of their trade , as their captain searches for direction on the open sea and his first mate still seeks to bring the great whale down .
, yellowstone national park , the university of wyoming and denmark ' s aarhus university . “this is really kind of a last frontier if you will , in yellowstone , of being able to look at a large part that ’ s underground that people that people have not looked at , ” said finn . the device acts like an x-ray to determine where and how hot water flows beneath the surface . " does it travel down and back up ? billings , mont . in yellowstone , a better understanding of the hydrothermal plumbing could help administrators plot out future development so tourists can enjoy the park ' s features without damaging them or being put into harm ' s way .
for demille , it was perfect . but then his buddy pointed him to a line in demille ’ s posthumously published autobiography . “i thought he was nuts. it ' s currently on display at the dunes center in guadalupe . “it was an absolutely cockamamie story , ” brosnan says . “we ’ ll find some archeologists , we ’ ll find the set , we ’ ll dig it up . “your skin will be cooked raw , ” demille told his army of 3,500 actors and extras , according to a los angeles times reporter on the scene .
government lawyers said the interior department has demonstrated that industry regulators need more time to study the risks of deepwater drilling and identify ways to make it safer . ( ap photo/dave martin ) ( associated press ) on the sidelines of an oil conference in london , transocean ltd. workers climb over a boom after cleaning oil from the deepwater horizon spill on a beach , monday , june 21 , 2010 , in grand isle , la . " this is an unprecedented industrywide shutdown . such drilling " puts the safety of those involved , potentially puts safety of those on the rigs and the safety of the environment and the gulf at a danger that the president does not believe we can afford right now .
indonesia has a patchy aviation safety record and has seen two major plane crashes in the past year , including an airasia flight that went down in the java sea , killing all on board . ' pray together ' the atr42-300 twin turboprop plane was carrying 44 adult passengers , five children and infants , and five crew . last december airline officials were not immediately available to respond to enquiries from reuters . image copyright epa image caption family members have been waiting for news of their loved ones oksibil , which is about 280km ( 175 miles ) south of jayapura , is a remote , mountainous region , which is extremely difficult to navigate .
there is no timeline for treatment of the dome and national park service officials stress that it ' s a deliberative process to ensure that whatever treatment is selected will do no further harm to the story_separator_special_tag national park service officials are preparing to work on removing the black scum coating areas of the jefferson memorial in washington . it ’ s creepy ! concerned citizens have offered to try to clean it off . and it can ’ t be killed . but what , exactly , is it ? and it may be coming back there , too .
story_separator_special_tag add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . " the crux of the open letter was what ms. this is talia jane . however , the reality of living and working in one of the most expensive cities in the country soon caught up with her . i promise i ' ll watch all your vlogs . talia jane jane said she wanted to work for the company ' s media team but was told the customer service rep position was a good way to break into the business , learn essential skills , and transition across departments .
we saw a fire crew with two trucks and a boat , " ernie perez said . nine people remain missing in texas . the brazos river has flooded about 30 miles ( 50 km ) west of fort worth and is expected to crest on thursday evening . just watched race to find survivors after texas flood replay more videos ... those deaths include 17 in texas , 14 in northern mexico and six in oklahoma . " oh no ! his wife wondered aloud whether she should call 911. " my brother whistles and gets their attention .
according to his own account , he was diagnosed in 2011 , around the time he was pitching the project . “thus far , there ’ s been no resistance , ” sheen said . this bit of information gives some context to what sheen and matt lauer talked about when discussing his future career prospects at the end of his “today ” show interview . will we have the first american sitcom with openly hiv-positive star ? sheen ’ s confident attitude makes sense given that his diagnosis was already known in certain circles . story_separator_special_tag charlie sheen on “anger management.
i know that . " the full interview – for which mcgraw ' s production company reportedly paid a fee to caylee ' s fund , not directly to the anthonys – will air tuesday and wednesday on his tv show.for more on casey anthony ' s true-crime drama , based on people ' s unparalleled access at key moments of the case , buy people ' s book outrage , available now at people.com/caseyanthony " caylee was missing in my heart that day . did cindy know caylee had vanished ? all i know is that caylee is not with us anymore .
" it was a miracle , " perez said , adding that the bus driver appear to do " everything he could " to avoid the pipes on the dark stretch of freeway . the crash occurred wednesday may 21 , 2014 in blythe , california . the interstate has no lights , and the night had only a half moon . i didn ' t let her go . cmdr . daniela ( pictured , right ) was not injured . in the earlier crash , a big rig traveling on a northern california interstate in april smashed head-on into a charter bus carrying high school students on a university visit , killing 10 people .
“it is a cultural symbol that can serve both as a tourist attraction and an invaluable memory of an era of saudi arabia before oil , ” he said . however , preserving ancient buildings in this historic quarter comes with its own set of obstacles . one of the biggest challenges in al-balad is the tight spaces between buildings . 24 , and told police that they were seeking asylum in the u.s. every point is able to accurately provide coordinates and true color markers to support all facets of the buildings , from its complex hijazi facades to its structural nodes .
was . , may have been plotting to kill singer justin bieber and his bodyguard , a new mexico state police investigation has revealed . 21 at stardispatches.com martin , 45 , serving a life sentence for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in vermont , was reportedly obsessed with bieber . but behind the scenes , there was something both sinister and bizarre going on , though it is not known whether bieber or his people knew of it . ” justin bieber sean kilpatrick/the canadian press file photo in an email to the star , melissa victor , vice president of media and artist relations at island def jam music group , said : “we take every precaution to protect and insure the safety of justin and his fans.
fattal is a friend of bauer ’ s who was visiting the middle east to explore his father ’ s roots in iraq . the swiss represent u.s. interests in iran . a defense attorney says iran has set bail of $ 500,000 each for two american men arrested more than two years ago and convicted on spy-related charges . ahmadinejad called for free elections in syria and suggested that president bashar al-assad implement a reform program , although he was vague about the type of reforms he recommended . “they have created problems for themselves because we have a large economy.
charles harrelson walked out on his wife and three sons in 1968 , which was only the third worst thing he did that year . woody is such a likeable , laid-back guy that it ' s hard to believe his father was a cold-blooded contract killer who murdered people at the behest of criminals . amazingly , he got off again , this time on a mistrial , because texas ' judicial system in the ' 60s was apparently the equivalent of a first-turn guess in a game of clue . thomas . two years later , his dad was shot and set on fire .
" – lisa , new york , ny " it ' s a lame word . he argued in his submission the phrase is " used as an obnoxious way to show one has trivial information and is about to use it , no matter what . " other terms coming in for a literary lashing are " superfood , " ` ' guru , " ` ' job creators " and " double down . " the fastest over-used word of the 21st century . ugh , get rid of it . " a dirty dozen have landed on the 38th annual list of words to be banished from the queen ' s english for misuse , overuse and general uselessness .
and it ' s poised - rather unexpectedly - to be the next hot destinations for travellers in search of a more adventurous city break . the answer is below . but it is now taking a confident step towards showcasing its cityscape to the world . c.a.r is the tenth largest landlocked country with an area of 752,612 km² . the palace of peace and reconciliation , designed by norman foster credit : this content is subject to copyright./jane sweeney why should i go ? not so much . introducing astana . there is one ( almost ) on our doorstep , however .
parent company l brands announced thursday it ' s closing bendel ' s website and all of its 23 stores , including the store ' s iconic fifth avenue location in new york , in january 2019 because of sluggish sales . looking for more style content ? “we are committed to improving performance in the business and increasing shareholder value . last year , the company reported revenue of $ 12.6 billion . the upscale brand , best known for its designer purses and shoes , was founded in 1895 by henri bendel . l brands acquired bendel in 1985 and led its expansion into 11 states .
obama said the u.s. has a commitment to devote " enormous " resources to free hostages anywhere in the world.‎ relatives of mueller , who was abducted while volunteering in syria , announced tuesday that they had received " we ' ve seen your suffering reflected in kayla ' s eyes . sometimes she was with her isis keeper and other times she was not , two officials said . the militants acquiesced and sent at least three photographs of her corpse . the rev . ] interested in ? from their home in prescott , ariz. another showed her in a white burial shroud , which is used in traditional muslim funerals .
the test , on north korea ’ s so-called “day of the sun , ” followed its fourth nuclear test in january and a long-range rocket launch in february , which led to new u.n. sanctions that have failed to halt pyongyang ’ s weapons programs . “it was not successful. [ north korea unveils homemade engine for missile capable of striking u.s. “clearly they have a problem , but maybe next time it will work . but south korea ' s military is still on high alert . ] a u.s. defense official said that the u.s. strategic command systems had also “detected and tracked ” the missile .
lakhan kale ' s grandmother tied him to a bus stop so she didn ' t lose him , when she worked . pictures of the boy lying listlessly on the ground were printed in the local newspapers this week and drew outrage from readers . ‘what else can i do ? his father died four years ago ; a few months later his mother went missing . ’ said homeless sakhubai kale , 66 , who raised lakhan on the street by the bus stop shaded by the hanging roots of a banyan tree . left alone : nine-year-old indian boy lakhan kale is tied with a cloth rope around his ankle , to a bus-stop pole in mumbai .
jamie seet : yeah , and he kind of reached around and -- seet says she complained about batali to one of the restaurant ' s co-owners ken friedman . a monster ? the 60 minutes segment on sunday took a look at several allegations against batali , which first became public in a december eater investigation . he would try to grab me . trish nelson : yes . the red menace is here . batali denied the incident . natalie saibel : he came to party and have a good time . he has been lauded as this incredible chef and this leader .
s everal reports written by senior members of womens religious orders and by an american priest assert that sexual abuse of nuns by priests , including rape , is a serious problem , especially in africa and other parts of the developing world . “my silence stings my conscience . " i pretended it didn ' t happen . allen jr. jordi bertomeu when they came to chile the second time to gather information on abuse cases . the complainants maintained that the then-local ( associated press ) file - in this sunday , dec. the new accusations come amid a growing sexual abuse scandal rocking the church in chile that led pope francis to summon the bishops to the vatican in may to address the crisis , offer their resignation en masse , and the pope accepting some of the resignations .
mr abdulmutallab was indicted by a us grand jury on six counts on wednesday . " he ' s not just a cleric . jones said obama " certainly doesn ' t want that third strike , and neither does anybody else . he said northern shia rebels were co-operating with al-qaeda over the kidnap . , said a " very comprehensive no-fly list " would be " the greatest protection our country has . he is in fact trying to instigate terrorism . nidal hasan . he ' s clearly a part of al-qaeda in [ the ] arabian peninsula , " mr brennan , who is us deputy national security adviser , told cnn last week .
the company also seems to be trying to distance itself from the broader national debate over workplace flexibility , and from criticism that the new policy is disruptive for employees who have family responsibilities outside work . in her short tenure at yahoo , mayer has demonstrated that she is more than capable of doing that . still , ms. ” yahoo issued its new ban on remote work last week . even if requiring people to show up is the only way to repair yahoo ’ s culture , it could result in losing valuable employees . " this is about what is right for yahoo right now.
with lethal-injection drugs in ... that would make the sale of pentobarbital from that business to the louisiana state penitentiary pharmacy an illegal transaction under state law . four men have been executed using this compound pentobarbital , with a declaration of death taking between 11 and 19 minutes . " brattin , a republican , said questions about the injection drugs are sure to end up in court , delaying executions and forcing states to examine alternatives 5 execution of convicted child killer christopher sepulvado , according to just-released state documents . louis public radio and the st.
madonna ’ s representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment . “i knew all of the assistants and stuff would madonna and grimes lay bare cost of creative freedom for female artists read more “can u understand that?� ? in it madonna described two of her rivals , whitney houston and sharon stone , as “horribly mediocre , ” adding , “they ’ re always being held up as paragons of virtue and some sort of measuring stick to humiliate me. before announcing the initial auction . dated jan.
he also was criticized for comparing security concerns with refugees to worries over " a rabid dog running around your neighborhood . carson has since slipped behind donald trump and ted cruz , in the state the campaign sees as essential . he later tried to clarify that claim , and said only some chinese military equipment is being used there . the new york times first reported that carson plans to visit a refugee camp in northern jordan . related : carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy for months , carson has been strongly opposed to the united states accepting syrian refugees , asking congress to defund any programs that promote refugees coming to america .
" it ' s a shame , " said white some insist that the college videos breitbart was about to release contain evidence that obama had numerous gay lovers and was addicted to cocaine . , who is in his first year of law school at southern methodist university . " " he called me a putz and i said his voice sounded like dr. evil and owen wilson , " white said , noting that in his book the two were even on the insult front . " the last person to tweet with breitbart said he disagreed with the conspiracy theorists who flooded twitter after his death , many accusing president obama - whom breitbart often criticized - of having him assassinated .
at the end of that meeting , it was agreed that as a next step , i would reach out to some of tesla ’ s largest shareholders . musk said he had taken to twitter impulsively . the securities and exchange commission has inquired about mr. he named silver lake partners and goldman sachs as financial advisers , and wachtell , lipton , rosen &amp; katz and munger , tolles &amp; olson as legal advisers . photo illustration : heather seidel/the wall street journal tesla inc. why did i make a public announcement ?
story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . the harris county sheriff ' s office announced on twitter that the suspect was apprehended in neighboring waller county . several texas officials reacted to the trooper ' s death . greg abbott called the trooper ' s killing a " heinous crime " in a statement thursday . learn more the trooper has not been identified . the trooper was shot with a rifle and died at the scene , the agency said .
memorial park . story_separator_special_tag miami ( ap ) — miami-dade police say eight people — five of them juveniles — have been wounded in a shooting at martin luther king jr. he says two firearms were recovered and the active investigation is continuing . ferrin says the victims range in age from 11 to 30 , with five listed in stable condition and one critical . shots disrupt mlk day celebration miami-dade police blocked off nw 32nd avenue from nw 62nd st and several blocks south after shots were fired during the mlk holiday near martin luther king jr.
" only a few schools and districts across the country have merit pay , and in some states the idea is effectively illegal . teacher bonuses don ’ t increase test scores , study says written by daniel adair on wednesday , september 22nd , 2010 a new three-year study released on tuesday reveals that even significant bonuses to teachers for raising student test scores fails to yield significant results . he said more research is needed . i took this job because i think education is the bedrock of a functioning democracy , and if i cared about democracy _ which i do _ then i had a responsibility to do whatever i could to strengthen education .
caller : apple park way . dispatcher : what is the address ? the calls , all made in january , relate to injuries suffered by people who walked into glass at the campus , which is called apple park . caller : he is conscious . when did this happen ? dispatcher : is there any serious bleeding ? dispatcher : is the patient male or female ? dispatcher : where specifically should they go ? dispatcher : ... we have on site security with them right now . around 12 : 05. caller : it ’ s off of tantau avenue .
" if i go on , it ' s thanks to european aid ... in belgium , for example , the board said the wholesale price for a litre of milk was 0.26 euros , but the cost of producing it is 0.40 euros . ' killing us ' police guarding the european parliament found themselves being squirted with jets of milk on monday as protesters directed hoses at the building . " it has to change very quickly at the european level . they plan to stay put outside parliament until tuesday afternoon . among a total of nearly 2,500 farmers , around 100 came from poland , with many other nationalities also present .
pao ’ s claims . the firm said the case , which drew an abundance of unfavorable attention to its inner workings and the fate of women in silicon valley , cost it $ 972,815 in witness fees , deposition and court reporter costs . pao ’ s chief lawyer , alan exelrod , did not return a call for comment . only five cases were reversed . ms. debra s. pao ’ s husband , alphonse fletcher jr. , whose hedge fund is bankrupt . if anything , the opposite was true . katz , a washington , d.c.
the most recent calculation of the universe ' s rate of expansion , called the hubble constant , is believed to story_separator_special_tag the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate . a lot faster . this is a discovery that could test part of albert einstein ’ s theory of relativity , a pillar of cosmology that has withstood challenges for a century . cepheid stars pulsate at rates that correspond to their true brightness , which can be compared with their apparent brightness as seen from earth to accurately determine their distance . in slightly less baffling terms , space is expanding fast enough to essentially double the distance between our galaxy and our nearest neighbors in about 10 billion years .
" the house homeland security committee was not consulted on the final draft of the executive order , " said a gop aide . trump ' s transition operation forced its staff to sign these agreements , but it would be unusual to extend that requirement to congressional employees . white house spokesperson sean spicer doubled down on congressional involvement during a press briefing on monday . inside the west wing , tensions flared as differences in management style emerged between two factions : one led by chief strategist stephen k. a judiciary committee aide said judiciary committee chairman bob goodlatte ( r-va.
until now there have been two different kinds of investment advisers : those who are required to work in your best interests , and those who — amazingly — are not . and that ’ s probably a good thing . they ’ re often paid commissions , increasing their incentive to suggest products with higher fees . labor department researchers estimate that the regulation would save more than $ 40 billion over 10 years in retirement savings . the effect , say both experts and many industry advocates , will be to drive many advisers to change their business models , while pushing others entirely out of the business .
maddy , who was expected to enter the fourth grade in the fall in santa cruz , was “lured to the suspect ’ s apartment willingly and murdered in the suspect ’ s apartment and transported to the recycling bin , ” vogel said . a 15-year-old boy is under arrest . he did not indicate how she died or whether she was sexually assaulted . autopsy results were pending . the district attorney said the teen could be charged as an adult . her body was found just before 8 p.m. pt monday at the tannery arts center , a housing development for local artists where both lived .
this morning in a washington post op-ed , morning joe co-hosts joe scarborough and mika brzezinski disclosed that white house officials offered to spike an enquirer story about their romance if the pair apologized to trump for the show ’ s critical coverage . pecker ’ s tabloids have few subscribers and minimal advertising . executives how each cover sold in comparison with the magazine ’ s four- and thirteen-week averages . the series of tweets immediately struck a nerve . ( graydon carter , spy ’ s co-founder , is the editor of vanity fair. the two anchors had intended on taking the day off in order to commence the july fourth holiday a little early , but all planning had been thrown out the window some 24 hours earlier .
the @potus account — named for the in-house acronym derived from “president of the united states ” — would “serve as a new way for president obama to engage directly with the american people , with tweets coming exclusively from him , ” a white house aide wrote that day . , @whitehouse ) . obama ’ s account to attract racist , hate-filled posts and replies . @potus fist me daddy i want u to make me your bitch just spunk in my eye and make me choke on ur dick may 18 , 2015 .
as you ' ll see from the returns , the santorums ' adjusted gross income went from about $ 659,000 in 2007 , his first year out of the senate , to $ 952,000 in 2008 , to $ 1.1 million in 2009 and about $ 923,000 in 2010. santorum had served on the uhs board until he declared his presidential campaign . he was paid $ 142,500 by consol energy , a pennsylvania-based energy firm with numerous appalachian coal mines . there is depreciation on a condo property over the various years . they can be found here , here , here and here .
lapd detectives found materials inside the man ' s minivan that could have been used to set fires , the sources said . credit : los angeles times he said he had downloaded a police scanner application onto his ipad and went to the area at about 3 : 15 a.m. after hearing reports that authorities had tracked a person of interest in the case . los angeles police chief charlie beck , interviewed at the rose parade by city news service , said : " i feel very good that we ' ve got the right guy . related : full coverage : arson fires suspect arrested in string of fires police examine immigration link to case -- ari bloomekatz in hollywood photo : police investigate a minivan officials say may be linked to a series of arson fires .
story_separator_special_tag romney , huckabee , palin lead gop field for 2012 despite votes in the 2010 contest still being counted , polls for 2012 are already pouring out . my gut tells me that romney is the frontrunner and palin the strongest challenger . they ' re largely meaningless . gingrich has way too much baggage . but i suspect he ’ ll wait a little longer . seven percent ( 7 % ) prefer some other candidate , and eight percent ( 8 % ) are undecided . but it ’ s going to be difficult because this race will get started quickly and the winner will need enough money to choke a horse .
only 10 boxes of marshmallow only lucky charms will be available to the public . and yes , that ’ s biz markie ! subscribe to “a taste of general mills ” by email – here – and we ’ ll notify you about our latest posts . for full rules and regulations , visit the lucky charms facebook page . limit of three entries per person , one per entry method . *the sweepstakes ends october 18. 20 , 2015. ” related : john mayer tweets cookie dough almond butter into existence the brand previously gifted kylie jenner , blake shelton and jessie pitts custom boxes , while khloé kardashian revealed that she keeps a stash of them in her super-organized pantry .
with congressional support for “fast track ” authority , the president can press for final agreement on the trans-pacific partnership , a legacy-defining accord linking 40 percent of the world ’ s economy — from canada and chile to japan and australia — in a web of rules governing pacific commerce . the senate on tuesday narrowly voted to end debate on legislation granting mr. ben cardin ( d-md. it ’ ll pass overwhelmingly. sen. thirteen democrats backed fast-track in tuesday ’ s vote , handing senate majority leader mitch mcconnell addison ( mitch ) mitchell mcconnelltrump steps up courtship of dems senate defense bill at standstill over amendment fight overnight health care : sanders enjoys big moment with single-payer bill &#124; five things to know about sanders ' s plan &#124; trump applauds senators ' latest obamacare repeal effort more ( r-ky.
about movieclips trailers : ► subscribe to trailers : http://bit.ly/sxaw6h ► we ’ re on snapchat : http://bit.ly/2cozfcy ► like us on facebook : http://bit.ly/1qyrmse ► : http://bit.ly/1ghowmt the fandango movieclips trailers channel is your destination for hot new trailers the second they drop . the movie , however -- directed by craig gillespie ( " lars and the real girl " ) , and drawn by screenwriter steven rogers in part from his interviews with harding and gillooly elevated by margot robbie and allison janney ' s shimmering performances , this entertaining account of those strange events earns the sort of high marks for creative interpretation that its protagonist complained eluded her .
so she rushed her to the er , and that ' s when they diagnosed her with the disease . " it can be considered a burn from the inside out because of mucosal involvement , " said dermatologist dr. if it was caused by a medication , you ' ll need to permanently avoid that drug and others closely related to it . that ' s all i want , " she said.castanada faces a long road to recovery , including extensive rehab . ... common cold , sore throat . every day , she ' s like , shedding away .
you can make the pizza yourself and bring it to my house or order it for me from a delivery place , but what i ' m aiming for is getting food delivered in exchange for bitcoins where i don ' t have to order or prepare it myself , kind of like ordering a ' breakfast platter ' at a hotel or something , they just bring you something to eat and you ' re happy ! rising interest in bitcoin has sparked the creation of many other crypto-currencies . bitcoin mining involves solving a complex mathematical solution with the miner being rewarded in bitcoin .
i was in awe because he is well over the age to be standing on a bridge in 100-degree weather , but he did and all for four people and the other thousands that he doesn ' t even know . " one user commented . 11 terrorist attacks . i ' m down , " another said . " i try to do 11 hours to remember the folks who died on 9/11 . last year , degnan was driving under the bridge on sept. " i saw the picture and automatically knew it was the same man .
bolademi adetola , owner of healthcare equipment provider latay medical services in gardena , was charged with billing medicare for power wheelchairs that were never purchased . " today ' s actions are another example of how the affordable care act is helping the obama administration fight fraud and strengthen the medicare program , " sebelius said . federal agents were either still looking for the others or expecting them to surrender voluntarily . assistant atty . gen. dr. arrests were made in seven major cities . ; detroit and chicago . in miami . since march 2007 , the justice department said , it has charged more than 1,300 people for falsely billing medicare more than $ 4 billion .
obama has ordered an increase in u.s. special operations forces deployed to uganda to find warlord joseph kony ; here are photos from the hunt in september . view graphic a map of the lord ' s resistance army area of influence kony , whose forces have spent years attacking central african villages , mutilating civilians and stealing children , has been indicted by the international criminal court . sept. cv-22 ospreys can land and take off vertically like a helicopter but fly like a plane so they can travel further and faster than helicopters . . . the us has offered up to $ 5m ( £ 3.3m ) for leads resulting in his arrest .
the u.s. nuclear regulatory commission said idaho state university can ' t account for about a 30th of an ounce ( 1 gram ) of the material that ' s used in nuclear reactors and to make nuclear bombs . 23 , 2003. dr. he said overall it has " a good record with the nrc . " the school also reviewed documents on waste barrels there and others transferred off campus since 2003 , and opened and examined some of them . " the radioactive source in question poses no direct health issue or risk to public safety .
that ’ s the only reason you ’ re getting this burger ... non of these scenes were in the movie . in a smokey kind of style . and they didn ' t show them to me. “suicide squad ” trailers showcased several specific joker scenes that i had to pay for the whole movie just so that i can go watch those specific scenes that wb/dc had advertised in their trailers and tv spots . because you love mild cheese ) . sue you ? dude seems really mad . fair enough . who knows.
in 2014 she donated $ 50,000 to the children ’ s hospital of philadelphia , and back in 2008 she gave $ 100,000 to the red cross in cedar rapids , iowa , to help the victims of that flood too . another day , another charitable donation by taylor swift . john bel edwards ' office . ” so far 11 people have been killed by the historic flooding , which has damaged at least 40,000 homes . " i encourage those who can to help out and send your love and prayers their way during this devastating time , " swift said .
the deputies gave billy a sheriff ' s badge . billy was playing with an old cell phone when his grandfather noticed that he was talking to someone . “thank you . “it just goes to show that deputies aren ’ t just about arresting people and putting them in jail . folks from all over the country praised the deputies and billy for their kindness . defuniak springs , fla. bye. and he ' d extended the invitation to his family ' s feast without anyone in his house knowing . “he said , ‘i want to be a cop , so i can be nice to little kids like you are some day.
in the most religious state , 77 % of the population are highly religious compared with 33 % in the least religious . while religion is widespread across the country , the share of adults for whom religion is extremely important to their lives varies greatly between states . we also define a person as “highly religious ” if they report three highly religious behaviors and a low level of religiosity on a fourth measure . pew surveyed more than 35,000 americans . 24/7 wall st. click here to see the least religious states . religion ’ s importance in one ’ s life , worship attendance , frequency of prayer , and the belief in god were also used in the determination .
“it ’ s so much fun , the atmosphere , the vibe for the kids , ” she told the globe and mail last july . she was set to defend her winter x title later this month . ” part of that involved coaching children every summer at whistler . at the time , doctors didn ’ t know if he would ever walk again . 1 of 4 view caption sarah burke ( canadian ski team photo ) jim urquhart &#124; the salt lake tribune canada ' s sarah burke won the gold at the women ' s ski halfpipe finals at snowbasin .
is full of people living with cancer . at the end of june , ukraine ' s minister of the environment and natural resources ostap semerak presented country ' s plans for the revival of the exclusion zone at canada-ukraine business forum in toronto . meanwhile in belarus , a 22.3 mw pv plant is already under construction in brahin district , around 20 miles from chernobyl . would you stay ? " most photojournalists distort chernobyl . much of eastern and central europe continues to deal with fallout aftermath . but he does find a lot of danger and despair , of course .
fry ' s fury over article comments stephen fry said he was portrayed as the " antichrist " after he was apparently quoted claiming the only reason women slept with men is that " sex is the price they are willing to pay for a relationship " . it doesn ' t happen . how badly can you be misquoted ? all rights reserved . i give up . ! daft . the 53-year-old , who hosts the popular quiz show qi on bbc1 , launched the bizarre tirade in an interview published in the november issue of attitude magazine .
allen of the marines and a socialite in tampa , fla. on tuesday , kelley ' s attorney abbe lowell released emails , telephone recordings and other material that he and kelley say proves she never tried to exploit her friendship with petraeus . petraeus , a retired four-star general , was a social acquaintance of ms. john allen when the generals served at u.s. central command , which is headquartered at tampa ' s macdill air force base . investigations of senior officers in the inspector general ’ s office usually take about seven months on average , although normally there are only two or three investigators assigned to a case .
fairfax county police are searching for a woman suspected of impersonating a target employee and stealing more than $ 40,000 worth of iphones . like wtop on facebook and follow @wtop on twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others . detectives said the woman is not affiliated with the store but appeared to know the store ' s procedures and location of the iphones in the stockroom . see video . all rights reserved . surveillance cameras were able to capture pictures of the woman . surveillance footage shows the woman leaving the store and getting into a volvo station wagon .
apple ipad commercial during the oscars steve jobs on the oscars red carpet [ img credit : thefullm0nty [ img credit : wayne sutton story_separator_special_tag ipad ad debuts during 2010 oscars by mark w. jobs is a board member at walt disney , which owns pixar -- the studio that produced last night ' s animation oscar-winner " up . we ' ve got a screenshot and we ' ll post video as soon as it comes in ( update : video added below ) . follow him on twitter : @markdubya or follow a feed of blog updates at @browserblog .
update 10 : 40 it ' s a world of difference in edgewater , where new times web editor jose duran found a three-hour line outside of cameron house : update 12 : 09 new times fellow jon tayler reports from trinity cathedral hall at story_separator_special_tag by joy lin &#124; november 06 , 2012 with his vote cast , joe biden once again flirted with the possibility of another presidential race . to prevent disenfranchising voters , shuttle buses were running in hard-hit areas , voting locations were combined and gov . sign up thank you for signing up !
and so that ' s what we need to do . though a recent cbs news poll shows a majority of americans say tax cuts for those making $ 250,000 a year should not continue , republicans are fighting for them . " he said he still holds his 2008 running mate " in high regard " and said he ' s been amused by the former alaska governor ' s confrontations with " the liberal media . ( ap photo/john raoux ) ( associated press ) sen. 23 , 2010 . we ' ve got to get our vote out .
the court was hearing a case based on voting district maps in wisconsin . “what ’ s really behind all of this ? ” some of the court ’ s more liberal members said the problem represented a crisis for democracy and that the supreme court should step in . credit tom brenner/the new york times washington — justice anthony m. the justices heard oral argument in gill v. ( photo : j. alito jr. " she asked . but he has never found a satisfactory way to determine when voting maps are so warped by politics that they cross a constitutional line .
i don ’ t think either of us woke up and thought that that was going to be our day , or our race , or our olympic games . d ' agostino , quicker to her feet than hamblin , helped get her off the turf , before she shuffled her way through 4 1/2 laps to finish the race , where hamblin was waiting for her . ” getty images the norwegian men ’ s handball team was also honoured for its gracious attitude during a european championship match against germany earlier this year , which saw them lose out on their olympic dream .
he couldn ’ t hold a job , in part because of his weight , and prospects in his hometown in danville , indiana , were scarce . 2. to take back my health and to lose the pounds i have collected over the years . close get email notifications on sheila mullowney daily ! thank you so much for your help this morning . newport bicycle has amazing customer service . short minutes . 5. i will be doing cool things seeing cool places and meeting cool people . “i hit 40 and i said , ‘i ’ ve got to change this , ’ ” hites told the newport daily news .
“he said , ‘you can ’ t slide , ’ ” abdullah said . ( associated press ) the league ' s rule book prohibits players from celebrating while on the ground , but spokesman michael signora wrote in an email tuesday that the " officiating mechanic in this situation is not to flag a player who goes to the ground as part of religious expression , and as a result , there should have been no penalty on the play . kansas city , mo . our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce .
“that was purposely to give her the protection of that and to give her the opportunity . “it ’ s this male character who ’ s played by a female actor . in 2009 , knox and sollecito were found guilty of murder . both spent four years in prison before a court acquitted them in 2011 after evidence was thrown into doubt by independent experts . a castle ? any single person has a set name , job , friends and family . i ’ d rather explore identity and how do you ’ re clearly a girl , but we ’ re going to pretend you ’ re a guy.
oxford dictionaries made history on monday by announcing that their “word of the year ” would not be one of those old-fashioned , string-of-letters-type words at all . “but there ’ s an awful lot of people who are very interested in treating them seriously. ” oxford university press — which publishes both the august oxford english dictionary and the lower-brow , more-modern oxford dictionaries online — partnered with keyboard-app company swiftkey to determine which emoji was getting the most play this past year . “emoji have come to embody a core aspect of living in a digital world that is visually driven , emotionally expressive , and obsessively immediate.
wilpon and mr. that ' s a net of only $ 73 million remaining to pay picard to satisfy the settlement . cuomo , the former new york governor who was appointed as the mediator in the case in early 2011 , said outside the courtroom . madoff ’ s relatives and one of his primary banks , jpmorgan chase . “it seems quite one-sided. picard suffered a number of setbacks . judge jed s. the club has lost some $ 120 million over the past two years , has had to slash its payroll as attendance has fallen at citi field , and has had to put a portion of the team up for sale .
story highlights the marietta city council on thursday will decide on a retired k-9 officer ' s request to keep his dog the dog is property under state law and must be auctioned gofundme page has raised over $ 70,000 in support of matthew hickey , the retired officer ( cnn ) the retired marietta , ohio , police officer who has been fighting to keep his k-9 partner will have to decide whether he ' ll take an auxiliary position on the force so he can keep his beloved ajax , and to prevent the city from having to auction off the german shepherd .
cops tell us chris is not currently a suspect but rather " a witness and a victim . photos : rihanna ' s sexy bikini bod recently , the pop diva made the leap from the recording studio to the big screen with her star turn in battleship . " i want to do two more [ movies ] before touring again next year , " rihanna gushed to us of her filming experience , even though , " my schedule is crazy ! the bad guy here may be someone in chris ' camp , who was inciting drake and his people all night.as we previously reported both chris and drake were trash talking each other before the fight , flipping each other off and what not .
" they are cute , but they have an impact on our community , " said miller . babs , however , says people should just do story_separator_special_tag fran johnson scowls at a pair of bunnies in a langley neighbor ’ s yard . everything from relocation to releasing raptors to eat them is being considered . the earth riddled with holes , and more . all over town . about 100 babies were born . facilities director for the south whidbey school district . " every day there are new holes , and the ones we ' ve filled in are dug out , again .
" we had a great quarter , " he said . the stock is surging in after hours trading as a result , jumping more than six percent to $ 595 . while google ’ s potential liability isn ’ t clear , similar deals between companies and offshore arms are often the subject of disputes over hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes , said daniel frisch , an economist at horst frisch inc. earlier this year , google launched google+ , a social network to take on facebook . dean patterson , a spokesman for the irs in washington , said federal law prohibits the agency from discussing specific taxpayers .
" the problem is one of the " big 14 " maintenance issues that nasa and its partners expect to face on an occasional basis during space station operations . some non-critical systems were turned off in nasa ' s harmony node , japan ' s kibo lab and europe ' s columbus lab . hide caption 6 of 13 photos : notable moments of the international space station in in may , nasa astronauts mounted a spacewalk to replace a leaky coolant pump control box after just two days of planning . shepherd and cosmonaut sergei k. leonardo carried supplies and equipment .
“i ’ m really not that bad a person , ” miles explained . ” cappleman , miles ’ victim in august 2012 , said he hopes she gets the help she needs . a chicago woman who has been arrested hundreds of times says that after her latest release from jail she is determined to turn her life around . ” by all accounts , miles was well-behaved during her most recent stay in prison . ” email : sesposito@suntimes.com twitter : @slesposito edgewater florist rick flinn predicts that will be soon . . .
in a matter of a few days they will be freed . ahmadinejad insisted that there had never been any daylight between himself and the supreme leader on the nuclear issue and that mr. president , welcome to new york . i don ’ t know , but it ’ s worth it for the west to pursue it — without easing sanctions in the meantime . abbasi was not opposed today . m.a . n.k . as you are well aware the american citizens trespassed our borders illegally , according to which we undertook proper prosecution through the proper channels in the judiciary .
it ' s seen that the explosion mainly targeted people , " he said . ( writing by daren butler and simon cameron-moore ; editing by peter graff ) story_separator_special_tag a suspected car bomb exploded across a secondary school in the turkish capital on tuesday , wounding 15 people , authorities said . prime minister tayyip erdogan was in the united states and was due to hold talks with president barack obama later in the day . " kumrular street is a busy place in terms of human and vehicle traffic . we have fatalities . no further details were immediately available .
the lawsuit challenges federal and state laws enacted in the 1970s and 1980s that sought to keep indian children in indian families . she said it ’ s one of two scenarios that could happen with a native american child adoption . i believe the application by certain tribes does cause harm , ” said murphy . he noted that if the parents chose to have an abortion , they would not have to tell the tribe . legal documents call her s.a.w. in both situations she said children are torn away . the bureau of indian affairs is pushing for the enforcement but some say it ' s not what ' s best for the children .
mice arrived on antipodes island , 820km southeast of new zealand , on shipwrecks and sealing ships in the 1800s . " this is huge news for conservation both in new zealand and internationally , " ms sage said . razza ’ s escape became the subject of a paper in nature1 as well as a popular children ’ s book . eradication work got underway in 2016. but no more . frustrated and embarrassed , he fretted about how the disaster would affect his phd . new zealand , which owns the subantarctic archipelago , says its years-long effort to rid the rodents has finally paid off .
many nations said that while they were concerned about the volgograd attacks , they would primarily count on the russian authorities to provide security during the games . maxim shemetov / reuters file sochi ' s olympic park is seen in december . " smart terrorists " rein in their ambition and aim for simpler plots with fewer operatives , he said . global rescue head daniel richards said sochi was a unique environment with challenges that his firm had not experienced at the winter olympics in turin , italy , in 2006 or vancouver , canada , in 2010 , when its security agents also worked for the u.s. team .
it ’ s not that the women ’ s side of the sport hasn ’ t had fearless protagonists and watershed moments . " we may , for example , want to lower the load for males , even though they may be stronger at the outset , to more closely match the endurance observed in females , " he says . ” the question was casually thrown out in a group of about ten sports-minded women , a mix of athletes and business leaders . “4 : 40 ? but their stories are less well-known outside the insular running world .
story_separator_special_tag a rendering of the american dream mall in miami , florida . the mall ' s current developer , triple five ( the third to take on the project since its inception ) seems to be maintaining momentum on its american dream . ... indoor skiing ? but not just any shopping mall . what it really needs is a big – no , make that obscenely gargantuan – place with millions of square feet of retail and entertainment space . miami ' s new complex could provide a more viable model for struggling malls and malls of the future .
jim is in a battle royale lawsuit over the death of cathriona white , who killed herself in 2015 , shortly after jim broke up with her . she ’ s gone . carrey finally being placed under oath next week and forced to answer the questions he has been dodging for years , such as why he provided illegal drugs to ms. it ’ s a loss for anybody who cared for her . so he says she got her friend ' s medical records showing a clean bill of health , and then altered them to make it appear the records were hers .
newman resident beau woolcock said he and his five-year-old daughter watched on as the plane was towed away . topics : police , newman-6753 first posted story_separator_special_tag a newman man is set to face a charge of endangering life , health or safety , later this month after allegedly taxiing an airplane with no wings and no steering wheel to the local pub . here ' s a plane parked outside the purple pub , " he said . " there was no-one there . " on the way back through [ town ] ... " the danger obviously taxiing a prop plane down newman drive , bearing in mind that kids have just come out of school , " he said .
the patent , dubbed " system and method using foot recognition to create a customized guest experience , " seeks to use a mobile scanning mechanism or robot that would use a foot scanner to take depth information and a camera to take appearance information of a guest ' s foot and use that data to determine various factors like the most popular rides and common paths guests take from ride to ride . disney notes in the patent that these devices are ‘angled towards the ground ’ and placed at a ‘low level ’ ( e.g.
gurkin ’ s young daughter had seen the police cars and tape and was asking questions . the home where ashley wood was killed is owned by jeffery ronald wood . california law allows 14-year-olds to be charged as adults in murder cases . the boy was taken to the placer county probation juvenile detention facility in auburn , awaiting arraignment . condolences for the girl ’ s family began to appear online wednesday . rocklin police say it ’ s to provide an extra layer of transparency . ” story_separator_special_tag " yesterday was a very dark day for our rocklin community , " police chief ron lawrence said in a statement .
the hostess bankruptcy was different in that its problems involved labor unions , while with reader ’ s digest , “there ’ s too much debt , ” conway said . the financing is part of a $ 105 million facility and is open to note holders who agree to support the restructuring , according to a company statement . an investor group led by private-equity firm ripplewood holdings llc bought it in 2007 for $ 1.6 billion and the assumption of about $ 800 million in debt . ... 17. , maker of twinkies and wonder bread , and bankrupt eastman kodak co.
they weren ’ t letting you win , ” he said , referring to obama ' s administration . " among the accomplishments trump cited were his efforts to restore " free and reciprocal trade " and rallying world leaders against the dual threats of a nuclear-armed north korea and radical islamic terrorism . taking care of our vets , great supreme court justice , record cut in regs , lowest unemployment in 17 years … . ... ( ! 21 . , where he is celebrating thanksgiving . " he told the 1st brigade combat team of the 82nd airborne division , whose members are conducting operations in kandahar , afghanistan : " everybody ’ s talking about the progress you ’ ve made in the last few months since i opened it up .
, who were smuggling guns separately but using the same middleman in new york city , authorities said . ” sources said the bust was due in part to the nypd ’ s “pro-active ’ ’ policies such as its controversial stop-and-frisk . walker of sanford , nc , and earl campbell of rock hill , sc , would bring up their haul to new york on their favorite mode of transportation — cheap buses to chinatown — and transfer them to brooklyn-based broker omole adedji , authorities said . " the problem kelly also said that last year “detectives learned through an unrelated undercover narcotics investigation that guns were being sold in the oceanhill community of brooklyn.
asked if he thought the former nsa contractor would ever make it to quito , he replied : " mr snowden ' s situation is very complicated , but in this moment he is in russian territory and these are decisions for the russian authorities . russia now has ownership of the snowden affair . the anti-secrecy group wikileaks has said that snowden has applied to more than 20 countries for asylum , including india and china . the letter could not be independently authenticated as being from ... tails will require you to have either a usb stick or a dvd at least 4gb big and a laptop or desktop computer .
police called an ambulance . " pdf : read the police report according to the incident report , tawon boyd told police , " there is someone in the house . officers said he resisted all attempts to restrain him . you need to go inside and search . officers said tawon boyd seemed confused , paranoid and sweated heavily . a medic who was called to the scene gave boyd medication to calm him down . dwight pettit , an attorney representing the boyd family . an autopsy has not been completed . they could have tased him .
” trump said the “beginning of the end ” was the “horrible ” iran nuclear deal reached last year that was supported by a coalition of world powers but vigorously opposed by israel . interested in donald trump ? tweeting earlier in the day from the mar-a-lago , where he ' s spending the holidays with his family , trump wrote , " doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks . ) ! kerry on middle east policy . 28 . trump took to twitter shortly after 9 a.m. they used to have a great friend in the u.s.
lists seven russian government officials who are being designated for sanctions . the sanctions focus on the individual personal today ’ s actions send a strong message to the russian government that there are consequences for their actions that violate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of ukraine , including their actions supporting the illegal referendum for crimean separation . these individuals are vladislav surkov , sergey glazyev , leonid slutsky , andrei klishas , valentina matviyenko , dmitry rogozin , and yelena mizulina . this new authority expands upon e.o . the punitive measure -- which will almost certainly heighten tensions between u.s. and russia -- does not target putin directly .
taylor said he started his car tuesday morning to warm it up and went inside for 5 minutes . " because of the environment , " she said . chief james berlin said that ' s a problem . so says chris lague , service writer at partner tire &amp; service in colchester , vt. " i ' ve never heard of any city ordinance of law like that , " taylor said . " we live in michigan ! mcintyre has another reason for a quick , idle-free getaway . even though there are less emissions now than ever , you ' re still emitting something .
the group convened early last school year to story_separator_special_tag new rules banning ‘hard alcohol ’ and ‘shots ’ from campus events were unveiled months after brock turner blamed his sexual assault on school ’ s ‘party culture ’ stanford university has banned liquor from campus parties with a new policy that critics say is a tone-deaf response to growing concerns about sexual assault . undergraduate parties will be limited to serving beer and wine only . high volume liquor containers of 750 milliliters or larger , popularly known as “a fifth , ” would also be forbidden in all undergraduate housing , according to a stanford news release announcing the policy change .
after a taste of beer , the men ' s brains showed a notable release of dopamine , a brain chemical associated with the pleasurable experience of consuming alcohol and other drugs . original article on live science . follow us @livescience , facebook &amp; google+ . dopamine may be critically involved in such cravings , scientists believe . but anderson noted that “with regard to the family history effect , this is quite difficult to assess and know what it means so we can ’ t be too sure of an effect or how strong it might be .
in february 2015 , the district ’ s engineer reported high levels of arsenic in sewage coming from the town of mammoth , which is home to park employees and sits just inside yellowstone ’ s northern border . story_separator_special_tag close get email notifications on michael wright daily ! share this post billings , mont . arsenic can occur naturally in geothermal areas , and it ’ s not uncommon for it to be detected in montana ’ s water . email notifications are only sent once a day , and only if there are new matching items . the district ’ s attorney todd shea didn ’ t return a telephone call seeking additional information .
the two escapees who were being held on capital murder charges , for separate incidents , are 23-year-old demarcus woodward for allegedly fatally shooting a work release inmate and 32-year-old gemayel culbert for his involvement in the killing of two people at a private club in northern choctaw county . reporter martin reed contributed to this report . they took off from the jail , " abate said , adding he didn ' t have time to discuss the matter further . ( 3 a.m. et ) when one started screaming , saying another of them was very sick , choctaw county sheriff tom abate said .
white-knuckle fliers may want to pass on " flight " altogether , though they ' ll be missing an early sequence that ' s right up there with the best of the incipient-disaster genre : think " airplane ! but this too is indisputable . flight is zemeckis at his most emotionally open and thematically provocative . a short commercial flight , in heavy rain , from orlando to atlanta . some of the tangents are interesting – like the gathering of officialdom in the aftermath of the tragedy . mr. crash . he can . ) , it ' s good to have him back in the live-action arena he deserted after cast away .
” the university said it was prohibiting spencer because of his role in organizing the torchlight march and for giving a speech at the statue “in which he took credit for ‘occupying space ’ and ‘defeating ’ counter protesters that evening. just watched spencer : ' make white privilege great again ' replay more videos ... “my interactions with my children have only been healthy . ” through campus on aug. or anywhere. 11 , 2017. heaphy , u-va. according to university policy , trespass warnings expire four years after the date the warning is served .
that was story_separator_special_tag a green body board was taken on monday afternoon to the kohlhepp property . and i drove them here and then he did as he agreed . story highlights three bodies have been found on real estate agent todd kohlhepp ' s property wspa : investigators are checking multiple properties he ' s owned inside and outside south carolina ( cnn ) authorities have found a third body on the property of todd kohlhepp , the south carolina real estate agent accused of murder and kidnapping . 6 , 2016. authorities say he could be connected to at least seven homicides .
_ story_separator_special_tag time once again for the list no one wants to be on : gq ' s third annual collection of people who ' ve overstayed their turns in the spotlight and used their fame for not a good goddamn thing . big , ripply , 300-style muscles . superbro is gonna crush some buildings and give zero fucks about collateral damage . screw that candy-ass shit . grittiness : unlocked . 20. zack snyder whenever a studio ecutive needs a reboot of something and his sole creative direction is " make it grittier ! he ' ll totally bro up your superman by sucking all the joy out of every frame and adding muscles .
they were screened by both the u.s. and the government of afghanistan before their arrival in the united states more than a year ago , he said . ( photo : nbc ) moody air force base , ga. the program ' s goal is to train a total of 30 afghan pilots and 90 afghan maintenance personnel during a four-year period , moody air force base said in an august 2014 release when the program was announced . “they ’ ve just gone missing . mohammad nasir askarzada and capt . col. file -in this friday , oct.
canuto have discovered a 1,500-year-old carved limestone altar at a site called la corona located in the jungle of northern guatemala . barrientos says these pieces of evidence show that the kaanul dynasty , or serpent kingdom , developed a political movement in la corona that allowed them to defeat their tikal " arch rivals " in 562 and thereafter rule the mayan lowlands in southeast mesoamerica for two centuries . 12 , 2018. it took a year to painstaking pry the massive stone slab from the roots , fully excavate it and move it to guatemala city , where it was presented this week at a museum .
nonetheless , the transition team ’ s request to “provide a list of all department of energy employees or contractors who have attended ” certain climate change meetings casts a shroud of apprehension over the workforce . ” donald trump has said that more than once . steny h. there is good reason for concern , however . ” perhaps trump ’ s crew will do nothing . but firing isn ’ t the only way to punish people . ” burnham-snyder ’ s email had the last sentence in boldface for emphasis . “we are going to respect the professional and scientific integrity and independence of our employees at our labs and across our department , ” he added .
mr : well , i think if those amendments don ’ t pass , then i think we ’ ve got a bill that isn ’ t going to become law , and i think we ’ re wasting our time . so it would be hard to argue that the judiciary committee changed the bill in ways that would make it unacceptable to rubio . sen. and that ’ s a fact . ” he said he was working with other senators on amendments to do just that . and we expect to hear from them here in the next couple of days .
their feat was all the more impressive for the fact that they conducted the interview through a translator , which at first seemed like it might become drag on the interview . on tuesday night ’ s report , however , colbert met his quick-witted match in pussy riot , the punk band whose members were imprisoned , then released , for insulting russian president vladmir putin . tips@mediaite.com story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . the interview segments on the colbert report are usually little more than an excuse for host stephen colbert to show off his virtuoso in-character improvisational skills , while the guests play along with varying degrees of success .
the increase , agreed after a request by tepco , adds to the bill for taxpayers for the disaster in march 2011 , when three reactors melted down after an earthquake and tsunami , in the worst nuclear crisis since chernobyl in 1986 , destroying businesses and livelihoods . wall pannels will be taken down around september 2016. ( reporting by osamu tsukimori ; editing by aaron sheldrick and ed davies ) story_separator_special_tag this video shows various measures against dust dispersion during the dismantling work of cover panels over unit 1 reactor building . tepco has face a stream of legal cases seeking compensation over the disaster .
the legal team leading the prosecution of former imf chief dominique strauss-kahn has gone on the offensive in enlisting a prominent french lawyer , thibault de montbrial , to locate any of strauss-kahn ' s alleged past victims . hunt for witnesses or ‘communications operation ’ ? kennedy airport on may 14. he faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted . montbrial , contacted by france 24 on friday , declined to comment . according to pascale robert diard , montbrial is not , however , known for working on cases involving rape or sexual assault .
but filtering is incapable of producing any [ useful ] results , " he said . offering services , decreasing problems , setting the stage for further development of all citizens to help meet the needs of the people and desire for change , ” he said in an address aired on state television . rouhani is scheduled to be sworn into office in early august . " of internet filtering , rouhani said some of the measures taken by the authorities to restrict users ' access online was not done in good faith and was instead politically motivated .
in fact , i believe in it and have been moved by its power . the other problem with hashtag activism is a popular sentiment in the black community is that , in many cases , we have to work twice as hard for equal results . i think a version of that idea applies here . getting people like michelle obama and david cameron to hold up a slogan and pull a concerned face is not mission accomplished . these ‘islamic ’ militants have razed entire villages to the ground , hacked men to death and killed children as they slept , but now the west has a hashtag campaign .
goce ( gravity field and steady-state ocean circulation explorer ) was launched in 2009 as part of a series of innovative environmental research satellites . " no damage to property has been reported from any debris , " the report said . its maps have very broad applications . the data is a key its space station freighter , the automated transfer vehicle , can weigh some 13 tonnes when it comes back to earth . the agency does , however , regularly manage controlled re-entries . in january 2012 , russia ' s failed 14-ton ( 12,700-kg ) phobos-grunt mars probe returned .
" long was able to verify that it was seth and ruth ' s ring - and he gave it to a friend of the couple ' s for safekeeping tuesday . " i had a metal detector . brigham young universityarchive-it partner since : feb , 2013organization type : colleges &amp; universitiesorganization url : http://lib.byu.edu the l. video courtesy of staci dabney photography . the mormon experience made manifest through culture , expression , history , philosophy , ideology , society , and theology is the main emphasis of this collection . it took him two separate days and hours in the water - but on saturday - he struck gold - quite literally .
“we ’ d literally jump on horses or get in a helicopter and go check it out , ” said lin . story_separator_special_tag albert lin is hunting for genghis khan . this is the sort of vague judgment that humans can perform but that computers cannot , lin said . legend has it that khan , the ruthless conqueror who was the first emperor of the mongol empire , was buried in an unmarked tomb in northern mongolia about 800 years ago . ” how ? they are also told to simply tag places as “other ” if they see something peculiar .
24 , 2017 , in corpus christi , texas . ( photo : courtney sacco , caller-times via the usa today network ) hurricane harvey will turn into a " beast " of a storm , meteorologists say , one that ' s forecast to bring catastrophic , life-threatening flooding to much of texas . the storm is poundng the texas coast and its millions of residents with hurricane-force winds knocking down trees , power poles and signs , and with torrential rain deluging streets . harvey is the first category 4 hurricane to make landfall in the united states since hurricane charley in 2004.
story_separator_special_tag people for the ethical treatment of animals offered a $ 2,500 reward thursday for information leading to the person or people who severely burned a golden retriever , possibly with battery acid , in the lancaster area . the inhumanity of human ' s is unbearable at times . she had chemical burns down her neck and back . ! ) help spread the word ! any donations are always so very much appreciated so we can always be there when dogs like fergus . “peta is urging anyone with information about this case to come forward now before anyone else is hurt.
story_separator_special_tag most psychologists agree that a person ' s basic personality — whether they are an introvert or extrovert , for example — remains the same throughout life . new research indicates that our personalities become increasingly stable as our 20s melt into our 30s , 40s and even 50s , but that that stability then often begins to taper off in old age , research digest reports . this data is currently not publicly accessible . crawls performed by internet archive on behalf of the national library of australia . other interesting finds included " domain specific " variations , or ones that seem to be linked to what a person is dealing with at a particular point in their life .
the filing by daoud ' s attorney scolded the government for trying to have it both ways . ( ap/ap ) four days before a sweeping government surveillance law was set to expire last year , sen. “whenever it is good for the government to brag about its success , it speaks loudly and publicly , ” lawyers thomas durkin and joshua herman wrote in their motion . jmeisner@tribune.com shapiro refused to say whether the evidence was obtained under section 702. 17 , 2012 . the surveillance programs — including one that collects u.s. phone records and another that tracks internet use by foreigners with possible links to terrorism — were exposed earlier this month by edward snowden , a former national security agency contractor who leaked details to news organizations .
" i wouldn ' t recommend anyone try to outrun a volcano , but there ' s a few of us that could , " said greg valentine , a volcanologist at the university at buffalo in new york . when this supervolcano erupted 18.8 million years ago , it flooded parts of all three states with river-like currents of hot ash and gas called pyroclastic flows . helens or even the 1991 eruption of pinatubo in the philippines . locally derived lithic block types correspond to rock types in the local substrates . closer outcrops are lacking due to post-eruptive faulting and burial in subsiding basins on either side of the caldera .
defense attorney stacey richman said the case boiled down to a simple " he said , " ` ' she said , " and the girl was a petulant , calculating liar . in addition to convicting mr. prosecutors say they know of more victims who were too afraid to testify . hynes with not being aggressive enough in going after molesters in the politically well-connected community . weberman , “without the slightest bit of mercy. view all new york times newsletters . please try again later . an error has occurred . invalid email address .
the officers initially noticed that the 43-year-old was rolling a marijuana “blunt ” in his car — and then saw him raise a gun , story_separator_special_tag video footage released saturday shows keith lamont scott taking four steps slowly backward with his arms at his sides when he is hit in a burst of four gunshots from police , then crumples to the pavement . sign me up ! ( editor ' s note : this video contains graphic content. the north carolina state bureau of investigation is also investigating the case . no one covers what is happening in our community better than we do .
" guinness world records adjudicator kaoru ishikawa waited on the sidelines ready to present the runner with his third official certificate and a copy of guinness world records 2016 mr miyazaki ' s record is all the more incredible as he picked up the sport in his 90s , explaining that he started running as he needed a new hobby to do on his own as many of his friends that he had played the board game go with had sadly passed away . ( photo : toru yamanaka , afp/getty images ) use it or lose it ! the doctors are amazed by me .
miami international airport responded to the tweet : " this video is not from miami international airport . scavino then deleted the erroneous post , one of many ostensible hurricane irma tweets that he said he was sharing with president donald trump and vice president mike pence . read more story_separator_special_tag white house social media director dan scavino in march . stay safe ! the flooded runway in scavino ’ s tweet was not in miami , but in mexico city , according to the video titles — though the washington post has not verified that . “it was among 100s of videos/pix i am receiving , ” scavino wrote .
the attack on a story_separator_special_tag a political party opposed to u.s. drone attacks in pakistan revealed what it said was the name of the top cia spy in the country on wednesday and called for him and the head of the agency to be tried for a recent missile strike . 27 , 2013. 21. trucks carrying nato troop supplies to afghanistan remained stuck in pakistan ... in 2010 another cia station chief , jonathan banks , was named in criminal proceedings initiated after a drone strike . thousands of people protesting u.s. drone strikes blocked ... ( associated press ) supporters of tehreek-e-insaf or movement for justice party chant anti-u.s. slogans during a rally in peshawar , pakistan , saturday , nov.
a total of 24 percent of voters said they want to see obamacare completely repealed . " there are 700,000 ohioans who now get care who didn ' t have it before , " kasich told cnn ' s jim sciutto on sunday ' s " state of the union , " defending his state ' s medicaid expansion . they are under a time constraint because they are using fast-track budget rules that will allow them to avoid a filibuster in the senate and pass a repeal bill obamacare supporters retort that the law has expanded coverage to 20 million americans , many of whom could not afford insurance previously , and that the law should be improved , not thrown out .
” on saturday a group of three men and two women , who said they knew miss adeoye , went to the edge of the river to pay her tribute . it involved omotayo adeoye , a student at the high school for math , science and engineering at city college in harlem . she played basketball and soccer . you guys shouldn ’ t be cheating ! she walked into the water and sank beneath the surface . she did not , and eventually disappeared , stern reported . on facebook , her friends left warm messages . watch a report on adeoye ’ s tragic death from abc 7 news below .
snowden arrived in moscow on sunday from hong kong , where he had been hiding for several weeks . edward snowden , a contract worker for the national security agency , revealed june 9 that he was the source of the leaks to the washington post and the guardian of information about the u.s. government ’ s vast collection of phone and internet data . ( bad news for them : it ' s dry ) . but they did not revoke mr. baltasar garzón , the renowned spanish jurist who advises wikileaks , said in a statement that “what is being done to mr.
story_separator_special_tag the fbi is considering possible domestic terrorism charges against the man accused of shooting a guard at the conservative family research council . " it ' s currently hunting down seven people charged with such crimes . five are women . the fbi defines domestic terrorism as " americans attacking americans based on u.s.-based extremist ideologies . five are women . joanne deborah chesimard fbi the fbi is considering possible domestic terrorism charges against the man accused of shooting a guard at the conservative family research council . the fbi defines domestic terrorism as " americans attacking americans based on u.s.-based extremist ideologies .
the hospitality of russian residents in this world cup season is now expected to extend to public utilities , as residents in host city samara were asked to shower in pairs to save water for use by visiting fans . story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser “thousands of the city ’ s visitors , who also consume water , are contributing to the increase , ” the utility company , samarskiye kommunalniye systemy , wrote in a press release on wednesday . water system authorities in samara said they ramped up supplies in the last few days to accommodate increased water use during the football tournament and a recent heat wave .
the mormon church ... “by the gift and power of god ” joseph smith reported that on the evening of september 21 , 1823 , while he prayed in the upper room of his parents ’ small log home in palmyra , new york , an angel who called himself moroni appeared and told joseph that “god had a work for [ you ] to do. " both faiths are trying to move forward in sharing their collections . more than 70 percent of that original document suffered water damage . the lds church history library in salt lake city has most of what ' s left .
( photo : photo provided by brockport police department ) two college at brockport students have been charged with torturing and injuring an animal after a photo was posted online of a dog being held upside down above a beer keg , appearing to drink from the tap . " it was a joke , " student allyson delany said . learn more they don ' t abuse him . the student conduct coordinator shall use story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
admissions in the interview were enough evidence of the doctor ' s guilt , witnesses said . as pastor was giving his order , a bailiff handcuffed murray behind his back while he was sitting in his seat . conrad murray to jail , just a few minutes after a jury found him guilty in the death of michael jackson . that factor demonstrates rather dramatically that the public should be protected. credit : pool photo story_separator_special_tag dr. who will surely feel safer , but also incredibly lonely at the same time . " there is no reason to remand him under these circumstances , " he said .
the low back was the most common injury location ( 16.7 % ) , followed by the hamstrings and lower leg ( 13.9 % each ) . injuries were recorded in a standardized form to document diagnosis and event circumstances . regression analysis on baseline variables was performed to determine risks for injury . methods : this was a prospective cohort study of collegiate athletes participating in pole vault over a single track-and-field season . forty-one percent of vaulters sustained injury , and there were 7.9 injuries per 1000 athlete-exposures . find out more . no head or neck injuries were reported .
" he took it out , put it on his chest and it was acting funny , and it jumped up and got him , " he said . hatfield was rushed to the emergency room . belcher said the snake was initially in a pillow case . they are typically two to four feet long , heavy-bodied snakes with heads wider than their jaws . this is the one thing that scared me the most . those who come across the snakes should give them a wide berth , morse said . we ' ve done a lot of stuff together .
( associated press ) jewish settlers and movers employed by the israeli defense ministry carry out belongings from settler ' s apartment in the ulpana neighborhood in the west bank jewish settlement of beit el , near ramallah , ... we ’ ll be back. none of us wanted a fight among brothers and a confrontation with police and soldiers. 26 , 2012. israel has started on tuesday to evacuate ... ” carrying her child as she walked by the buildings , yiska fattal said she and other evacuees were worried construction specialists say transplanting the buildings _ three-story concrete structures faced with stone and topped with red tile roofs _ would squander huge sums of money and be infinitely more complicated than destroying and rebuilding them .
" he ' s very outgoing and never meets a stranger , " lucas ' s mom , cortney , told today parents . click here to get those and more in the people babies newsletter . ” ceo and president of gerber bill partyka said lucas ’ contagious smile won over the team . “every year , we choose the baby who best exemplifies gerber ’ s longstanding heritage of recognizing that every baby is a gerber baby , ” he explained . gerber/cortney warren cortney warren said she entered the gerber contest on a whim , after a relative pointed out an ad seeking submissions .
guy scott often disparagingly referred to as the " ceremonial vice-president " he was born in 1944 in what was then northern rhodesia after father emigrated from glasgow to work as a doctor on the railways a cambridge-trained economist , he entered politics in 1990 joining the mmd which won the first multiparty elections the next year as agricultural minister he oversaw the recovery from a devastating drought in 1992/93 he joined michael sata ' s patriotic front ( pf ) in 2001 appointed vice-president in september 2011 after the pf ' s election victory as his parents were not born in zambia , a constitutional clause requiring the president to be a " third generation " zambian may nullify any attempt to run for president guy scott ' s rise to zambia ' s presidency in a brief televised address mr scott confirmed his appointment .
american hostage kayla mueller was tortured , verbally abused , forced into slave labor for isis commanders in syria and raped by the group ' s top leader , but her fellow hostages say she never surrendered hope , she selflessly put the welfare of fellow captives above her own and she even stood up to executioner " jihadi john " to defend her christian faith . he admits it surprised him a lot . i need your help . that was very clear . full brian ross report : " the girl left behind . interested in isis ?
yes story_separator_special_tag writer zinzi clemmons , author of what we lose , has announced that she will no longer be writing for lena dunham and jenni konner ’ s online feminist weekly newsletter lenny letter because , she says , of dunham and her friends ’ racism which was “well-known ” prior to their fame . why are you overreacting ? this is grounding . tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . she ’ s currently in nigeria at a literary festival hearing stories from women who are “putting themselves in danger every day to help women in some of the worst conditions on earth.
a new short video on installation , wellness , made with drawings and fotopoulos ’ unique animation techniques brings to the forefront the discussion and connection between drawing and making moving images , a subject that has interested fotopoulos since as early as 2005 when he was quoted in the new york times as saying “with digital , i can work like i draw – it ’ s that free. we recently got to ask kotak some questions about her project . " we dare mark zuckerberg to top that ! her exhibit " the birth of baby x " kicks off her long-term project " raising baby x , " which will document her child ' s upbringing " from birth through attending college and developing an independent life , " according to her website .
she told the daily telegraph francis had jokingly said " no , please no " at the prospect of being the next pope . bergoglio inherits a church wrestling with an array of challenges that intensified during pope benedict ' s tenure - from growing competition from evangelical churches in the southern hemisphere to a priest shortage and a sexual abuse crisis . " my father had hit me because i had dared to write a note to a boy . speaking from her home , four doors down from where francis grew up in flores , argentina , damonte revealed her parents had kept the two apart because they disapproved of their budding romance .
“though i love the dress i did wear , it was a difficult last minute decision as i had so looked forward to wearing valentino in honor of the deep and meaningful relationship i have enjoyed with the house and with valentino himself , ” hathaway continues . " debate . 24 , where she ultimately won her first academy award . " dan macmedan/wireimage.com aniston , meanwhile , showed up not in valentino ' s nude tulle dress but in the designer ' s bright red strapless gown . " photos : see what the stars wore to the oscars !
" naomi and her family were so blown away with swift ' s donation that they posted a video response to thank the singer.this isn ' t the first time that swift ' s influence has caused a company to change its policies . if you have had them touch your life in some way or another , you know what i mean . every dollar helps . after the biopsy the doctor later confirmed the diagnosis of aml ( acute myelogenous leukemia ) . people can now donate in transactions up to $ 50,000 . it is more aggressive than other kinds and will require 6-9 mo of intensive therapy in the hospital .
that mr. obama ’ s numbers from interviews conducted after bill clinton ’ s speech on wednesday night , which in my view was the pivotal moment of the convention . on saturday , mr. obama has made in these tracking polls over the past 48 hours already appear to match or exceed the ones that mr. the obama and romney campaigns anticipate little movement in national polls before the first debate on oct. they also see eye to eye on their belief that the election will come down to whether romney can persuade voters he understands the problems of ordinary people and that his solutions are at least marginally better for turning things around economically .
then , as they made their way up the stairs of the house , officials said they killed bin laden ’ s son khalid as he lunged toward the seal team . ” in a television interview on pbs on tuesday , leon e. newsletter sign up continue reading ( associated press ) local residents walk past the compound of al-qaida leader osama bin laden in abbottabad , pakistan , wednesday , may 4 , 2011. president barack obama will meet at the memorial thursday ... the seals fired but missed bin laden , who ducked back into his bedroom .
pink is on the cover of people magazine ’ s ... ” currently on her beautiful trauma tour , pink , 38 , describes her own upbringing in doylestown , pennsylvania , as “free range , i guess. click here to we asked the cast of every real housewives franchise to pose makeup-free — and they happily ditched their glam squads and shared natural selfies . kyle richards courtesy kyle richards how have you learned to embrace features you ’ re self-conscious about ? lots of rescuing animals , tree climbing , sports , gymnastics . i had a good childhood.
' ' nuland , however , said u.s. officials notified the syrian government that an embassy team was traveling to hama . mustapha met with assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security eric boswell on wednesday , according to a state department statement . " hama , with all the support it is receiving from all over the country , is becoming a role model for peaceful demonstrations and we are protesting here for all of syria , " the local activist said . fleeing hama and they then proceeded to make their way there and were allowed to proceed , " nuland said .
you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . hamill happens to be really good at twitter and likes to chat with his fans , and has also occasionally tweeted things that make it clear he ' s not a fan of trump . an dtriailfidh tú arís é ? tuilleadh eolais add this video to your website by copying the code below . réamhamharc story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . critics argue that the move to get rid of net neutrality favors big corporations , and have threatened to file lawsuits to try to slow or stop the process of deregulation .
a student will be assessed the language fee once per term , regardless of the number of language courses for which the student is registered . " i was writing a paper one night and my dad decided to check my phone , " owen said . now he needs some help with his college tuition . these include the orientation and transcript fees . what does verified mean ? “[ that ] was their end goal. after choosing the latter , owen walked across his high school stage in jacksonville , fla. owen is optimistic about the future and ready for new experiences .
" he ' s guinness ( book of ) world records ' oldest living cat. over the years , perry has been equally celebrated and psychologically analyzed for his extreme dedication to his pets . she said she still remembers the day like it was yesterday : " i was so excited i could hardly contain myself -- the 20-minute drive to redmond felt like forever . but anyone who ’ s met perry will tell you — first and foremost , he ’ s a cat man . story_separator_special_tag sisters , ore. given proper care , nutrition , and regular veterinary visits , a cat kept indoors can live as long as 21 years or more .
“our military ’ s equipment construction is shifting from catch-up research to independent innovations , ” xu said . work said the united states has relied on technological superiority for the past 25 years , but now “the margin of technological superiority upon which we have become so accustomed ... directed energy weapons , for example , might be able to shoot down missiles that cost a hundred times the price of a jolt of energy . as a result , the defense department must “hedge against this international competition turning more heated. xu qiliang , vice chairman of the central military commission , made the remarks during an inspection in east china ' s shanghai and the provinces of jiangsu and anhui .
that ’ s led the industry to turn to political leaders to resolve the issue . the ban is a particularly nettlesome problem in washington because china accounts for about 90 percent of geoduck exports from the state . “we ’ ve gone back and looked at all records — they show results way below any human-health concern , ” donn moyer , a health-department spokesman , said saturday . it ’ s slow-growing , regularly reaching 100 years old and often weighing as much as 10 pounds . 3 notification . on friday , the governor and commissioner of public lands peter goldmark sent a letter to the heads of the food and drug administration and the national oceanic and
he starred on am ’ ' s six-part miniseries , the night manager , based on john le carré ’ s espionage novel of the same name . “i could not be more delighted , ” hiddleston told mtv news via phone while taking a break from filming thor : ragnarok in australia . “it was a huge undertaking and an enormous labor of love and one of the proudest achievements of my short life and career. how best to put this ? thanks story_separator_special_tag what goes around , comes around . “katy is still bitter about the way taylor went after her.
and yet he found dna from cultivated wheat along with the lunchtime paraphernalia . " it will upset archaeologists . agriculture didn ' t take off in britain for another 2,000 years . there was no trace of wheat pollen in the samples , indicating that it was not grown locally . farming reaching the balkans about 8-9,000 years ago from the middle " we were surprised to find wheat , " co-author robin allaby of the university of warwick told reuters of finds at bouldnor cliff . it seems they were getting their wheat from europe , where agriculture had already established itself .
the $ 8.1 million purchase price makes the obamas ’ new home the second-most expensive in the kalorama neighborhood , behind the $ 23 million that jeffrey p. obama will be in washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property. in a statement obtained by people , spokesperson kevin lewis explained : “given that president and mrs. get push notifications with news , features and more . photos of the upstairs residence were published in a spread in architectural digest last december .
" it ' s remarkable , " samani said . the dark web is the subject of the latest episode of marketplace and tech insider ' s new codebreaker podcast . here ' s a lifetime subscription to netflix for just $ 0.50 : screenshot/tech insider it ' s highly competitive for these sellers , and many are somehow able to guarantee that you ' ll have lifetime access to these services , even if there are issues with that original account you buy . he says one marketplace actually has its own help desk . samani also recommends taking proactive steps , like using a credit monitoring service , to stay vigilant .
manhattan prosecutors cleared the police commissioner ' s son of rape tuesday in a case that gripped the city and threatened his career as host of fox 5 ' s " good day new york . there , she claimed , kelly sexually assaulted her while she was virtually passed out . they exchanged numbers and emails , and agreed to get together on oct. " " those who know greg always felt he should be exonerated . 24 with a bombshell statement . " therefore , no criminal charges are appropriate . " i am so blessed to have a wonderful family and friends whose support for me never wavered .
democratic pollster celinda lake said it is " very fair " to argue that the energy for female candidates is trending republican , a view several other democratic strategists shared . michele bachmann , ann coulter and phyllis schlafly . cupp , who appears in the film . “i don ’ t know if it ' s that mama grizzly instinct being awakened , if women are feeling threatened , or if it ’ s because women are just feeling neglected or because they ’ re feeling empowered but you can ’ t deny that there ’ s something happening today.
the video shows jennifer anne kaufman running through the field being chased by the cows , who worked together to corral the suspect . if you see the large group of cows , theyï ¿ ½re literally following her and chasing her . police said the subaru was stolen out of brevard county . young , 46 , was chased down by a k9 unit , but kaufman made it deeper . stay with tampabay.com for updates . " the herd of cattle chased kaufman right to a fence , where authorities were waiting on the other side . this is a developing story .
radiation ... ( associated press ) a mother feeds her baby at an evacuation center in yamagata prefecture , northern japan , thursday , march 24 , 2011. anxiety over japan ' s food and water supplies soared ... the uss ronald reagan ... shops across ... ( associated press ) in this photo released by tokyo electric power co. a marine biologist at cal state long beach has set out to identify the species and provenance of all the shells on the watts towers in south l.a. story_separator_special_tag the official death toll from japan ' s devastating earthquake and tsunami passed the 10,000 mark friday and was still climbing two weeks after the magnitude-9 quake struck off the northeastern coast and unleashed a cascade of disasters .
the first year the offer is made , it ' s for $ 2,000 . story_separator_special_tag an employee pushes a cart past rows of storage aisles as he processes customer orders ahead of shipping at one of amazon.com inc. related : amazon hiring for 500 more positions in murfreesboro , company announces in january amazon founder and ceo jeff bezos explained the program in his 2013 letter to shareholders , released this week . once a year , we offer to pay our associates to quit . the goal is to encourage folks to take a moment and think about what they really want .
eide also ordered testing for brianna nelson , who has claimed to be prince ' s niece , and possible grand-niece victoria nelson . file - in this feb. u.s. musician prince performs on stage at yas arena in yas island , abu dhabi , united arab emirates november 14 , 2010. siblings and half-siblings are treated the same . prince died april 21 of a drug overdose . the judge dismissed claims of heirship from a total of 29 other people purported to have some degree of kinship with prince , including a professed secret wife who said the cia had classified their marriage records as top secret .
he said amendments to disputed articles in the draft constitution could be agreed with the opposition . residents , frustrated that police had not calmed the streets , set up makeshift road blocks nearby to check passers-by , scenes reminiscent of the popular uprising that toppled mursi ' s autocratic predecessor hosni mubarak . " we hold president mursi and his government completely responsible for the violence happening in egypt today , " opposition coordinator mohamed elbaradei told a news conference . rival groups skirmished outside the presidential palace earlier on wednesday . one of them was bleeding heavily .
tiger was not one of the best golfers of his generation ; he was the best . and they see that same expression on my face when i do it . he ' ll be heading home to florida . on his way down the hill , he slipped and fell on his backside before needing two putts to make bogey . there is no getting around that tiger is playing lousy golf . in his first 37 major starts , he didn ' t miss a cut and won 10 times . woods shot 76 in the second round to go along with thursday ' s 80 to finish 16-over par .
on monday , vallum begged forgiveness from williamson ' s family and friends , though none of them were present — only a few reporters , the judge and vallum ' s father and stepmother . gordon said her group remains concerned how trump policies will affect transgender people . " mr. " allred said vallum first tried to kill himself when he was 7 or 8. read more " if i could bring back mercedes by giving up my life , i would gladly do so . ( associated press ) file - in this sept.
our civilization is premised on the conviction that such a thing as truth exists , that it is knowable , that it is verifiable , that it exists independently of authority or popularity and that at some point — and preferably sooner rather than later — it will prevail . but in a real his approach succeeds because of his preternaturally deft grasp of his audience . ” still , nothing prepared us for the magnitude of this train wreck . start getting full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks . the times called him unprepared and unsuited for the job he was seeking , and said his election would be a “catastrophe.
" ___ 2 a.m. the walkway leading onto the campus of marjory stoneman douglas high school is lined with flowers and photographs , memorials to the 17 students and teachers killed in a valentine ' s day massacre that forever altered their lives and thrust them into the center of the nation ' s gun debate . ( associated press ) parkland , fla. 28 , 2018. story_separator_special_tag looking forward to tomorrow eagles ! " about 50 armed officers were on hand as students returned to the school wednesday morning . " when i walk in there , i ' m going to replay the whole thing in my head .
" there ' s a lot of cars that are totally submerged in water and floating around , " plumb said . when it does , a surge of water was expected to flood koyukuk , where the service has issued a flood warning through 4 p.m. thursday . sean parnell visited galena tuesday and members of his alaska state troopers flew another six people and seven pets to fairbanks at about the same time . other residents were evacuated earlier . gov . the damage has left the town without power , fresh water and cell phone reception .
13 , 2017 , file photo provided by the san bernardino police department shows a shut down marijuana operation of some 35,000 plants they believe was bringing in millions of dollars a month in san bernardino , calif. investigators got suspicious when a $ 67,000 electric bill popped up at one of her properties thought to be vacant and red-tagged it . mike madden said . ” smith declined an interview but through a statement from her attorney she says she ’ s “a well-known and recognized leader in large-scale cannabis real estate development. " there were all different rooms for different processes and hydration , filtration and ventilation .
but in light of weatherford ’ s comment , it is increasingly clear that this is a fait accompli . update 1-30-2012 : florida redistricting looking even worse and dem superpac targeting “tea party 10″ . ” he pledged that he will do everything in his power to stop president obama from “destroy[ ing ] ” the country . don ’ t say you weren ’ t warned . congressman allen west spoke at a florida gop dinner last night , and had some fighting words for democrats who are trying to mark florida in the win column this november .
” smith , who will enter her 14th year in the nfl next season , joins the bills coaching ranks after spending 2015 as the team ’ s administrative assistant to the head coach . hue jackson ' cleansed ' cleveland with lake erie plunge ' last chance u ' star getting his nfl shot is 44-year-old t.o . working out for a comeback ? she became a college scouting intern in 2005 before being promoted to player personnel assistant in 2007 and she will work with danny crossman and eric smith involving a number of responsibilities. “she certainly deserves this promotion based on her knowledge and strong commitment , just to name a couple of her outstanding qualities , and i just know she ’ s going to do a great job serving in the role of quality control-special teams.
- the south carolina sheriff ' s deputy captured on video forcefully removing a student from class has been fired , the local sheriff said wednesday , less than a week after the incident at spring valley high school first came to the public ' s attention . " we believe that mr. it doesn ’ t justify his actions , but she needs to be held responsible for what she did , " lott said . " police officers make mistakes too . columbia , s.c. 12 , 2014. fields , 34 , was initially suspended without pay , and the fbi , the justice department and state law enforcement have opened separate investigations into the brutal take down .
congratulations to our intelligence community , our military and the president . this momentous achievement marks a victory for america , for people who seek peace around the world , and for all those who lost loved ones on sept. byron wolf report : former presidents are weighing in on the killing of osama bin laden by american forces operating inside pakistan . new york ’ s heart is still broken from the tragedy of 9/11 , but this at least brings some measure of closure and consolation to the victims and their families . ” senator charles e.
he felt it was art and he was trying to tell the world something he believed in and that people were supportive of . the sign is currently watched over by a security camera system that is monitored by the los angeles police department . but there has been no arrest made or suspect publicly identified . it ' s a mystery for now . a peace sign was etched in white on one of the black tarps , along with the words " a tribute to ... " daniel finegood , who wasn ' t arrested for the 1976 " hollyweed " prank and passed away in 2007 , would ultimately alter the hollywood sign four times during his lifetime : to " holywood " ( also in 1976 ) , " ollywood " ( in 1987 ) and " oil war " ( taken down before the end of a night in 1990 ) .
story_separator_special_tag a senior u.s. secret service member suggested she would not take a bullet for president trump in an october post on facebook . " " but this world has changed and i have changed . o ' grady deleted the posts shortly after the washington examiner reported them on tuesday . processing ... you should receive your first issue soon ! please try again later . so i keep quiet and skirt the median . to do otherwise can be a criminal offense for those in my position , ” she wrote . she also endorsed democratic challenger hillary clinton hillary diane rodham clintongrassley blasts democrats over unwillingness to probe clinton gop lawmakers cite new allegations of political bias in fbi top intel dem : trump jr.
dimon ’ s total compensation for 2012 to $ 11.5 million from $ 23 million a year earlier . in the case of mr. dimon said in statement . j. scott applewhite/associated press even as profit surged , the board of jpmorgan chase cut the pay package of its chief executive , jamie dimon , by 50 percent , in light of a multibillion-dollar trading loss last year . ” he added that he “respects their decision. under ms. 22. investment banking fees jumped 52 % in the fourth quarter . dimon , the reports mainly took aim at his over-reliance on senior managers .
joe gardner , the lead detective on the case , said the crew had rayonier ' s permission to film on its property next to the train tracks . production of " midnight rider , " starring actor william hurt as the allman brothers singer in his later years and all-american rejects vocalist tyson ritter as a young allman , began this month in coastal georgia . a north bound train struck some of these persons . her name is sarah elizabeth jones . there was one fatality and seven others injured . jesup , ga. " wayne county sheriff ’ s det .
johnny cash ' s boyhood home in dyess has made the national register of historic places . mark christ , a spokesman for the program , said in january that having the nomination returned was " just a speed bump in the process . " ___ information from : arkansas democrat-gazette , http://www.arkansasonline.com cash died in 2003 at age 71 after an incredibly successful musical career . " when we grew up , it was second nature that we wouldn ' t live in dyess when we were grown , " cash once said . ruth hawkins , director of arkansas state university ' s heritage sites , said she was " thrilled " about the national register listing .
" she couldn ' t even dial 911 because she was so scared that she was shaking , " he said . turpin and her husband david tuprin have pleaded not ... louise turpin , left , talks to her attorney jeff moore during a preliminary hearing in superior court , wednesday , june 20 , 2018 , in riverside , calif. they were allowed to do little except write in journals that may corroborate the horrific stories they told investigators . they are being held on $ 12 million bail each . louise turpin dabbed her eyes with a tissue as the recording of her daughter was played .
image 9 of 12 macie martinez , a lake travis junior , stays positive after being struck by lightning . macie martinez ' s step dad anthony villarreal realized his " fern ... central texas teen has sense of humor as she recovers from being struck by lightning photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090663 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 1 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8089846 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 2 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090639 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 3 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090645 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 4 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8089852 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 5 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090632 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 6 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090176 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 7 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090732 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 8 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090739 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 9 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090749 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 10 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-8090761 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 11 image 1 of / 12 caption close gallery_thumbnails_show &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 gallery_overlay_open &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 gallery_overlay_open_thumbs &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; article-gallery-6304355 &#124; 0 image 1 of 12 macie martinez ' s mother , misty villareal , said her daughter , who is currently a trainer for the lake travis high school softball team , hopes to be a nurse some day .
“there ’ s no doubt of his influence in the bay area . he was 70 and serving multiple life sentences . he was ultimately convicted of murder and manslaughter , but wrote “i am innocent ” in a failed 2007 appeal motion filed from prison . “mills wanted yandell to work for the ab on the outside , ” prosecutor bruce flynn said . mills , also known by the nickname " baron , " was found dead july 8 in his single-person cell at the supermax prison in florence , colorado , according to the mercury news in san jose , california .
( associated press ) egyptian protesters standing on the sidewall of the u.s. embassy " he was responding to the tuesday night attack that killed u.s. ambassador to libya chris stevens and three american members of his staff . , wednesday , sept .... " " their enemies are our enemies , " mccain said . [ updated at 5 : 36 p.m. et ] u.s. sen. for coverage in arabic , please visit cnn arabic . republican presidential candidate , former massachusetts gov . suleiman fortia , right , ... 11 , 2012. the u.s. embassy in cairo initially issued a statement that criticized the film .
" president obama ' s message is there needs to be a reduction of the tensions , " deputy national security adviser , ben rhodes , said after the summit . mr obama warned against allowing such disputes to escalate . 20 , 2012. the bbc ' s jonah fisher , in phnomh penh , says it was an acrimonious end to a summit in which south east asian countries failed to reach consensus among themselves over how to resolve the various territorial disputes with china . senior chinese diplomat fu ying expressed dismay that the disputes again got the spotlight .
" i think europe belongs to the europeans , " he said , adding they should make clear to refugees that " they ultimately should rebuild their own country " . the dalai lama at the conference in malmö . ” “germany is germany . ” the dalai lama has remained in exile since 1959 , when he escaped tibet and settled in india with tens of thousands of followers after chinese communist troops took over the region . for licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org . the indian government also bore all expenses related to establishing schools for tibetan children in the country .
” famous for denying her age , gabor told it to people straight in 1989. related video : celebrities react on social media to zsa zsa gabor ’ s death “he should have apologized and kissed my hand … that ’ s what a european gentleman would have done. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . husbands are like fires – they go out when unattended – newsweek , 28 march 1960. by kenneth edwards , 1967. every time i get a divorce , i keep the house. ” the frequent divorcée , whose previous husbands included conrad hilton and george sanders , famously shared this marital insight after her nine trips down the aisle ended in seven divorces and one annulment .
" all along , we assumed that the contents of that box held the key to saving a marriage -- an age old trick -- unbeknownst to us rookies . what if this isn ’ t our worst fight ? ' now , there had obviously been plenty of disagreements , arguments and slammed doors throughout our 9 years . “tonight , we tucked our kids in bed and my husband and i enjoyed a glass of wine on the deck . ” story_separator_special_tag kalamazoo , mich. , sept. so , it forced us to reassess situations .
trump tells reporters : " russia should be in the meeting , should be a part of it . " russia was ousted from the elite group in 2014 as punishment for president vladimir putin ' s annexation of crimea and its support for pro-russian separatists in ukraine . in recent days , trump has engaged in a war of words with french president emmanuel macron and canadian prime minister justin trudeau . “now , i love our country . " friction with key allies trump ' s comments underscore the growing divide between the us , under his administration , and washington ' s closest allies .
huth ' s sexual battery lawsuit against cosby comes amid a flurry of allegations that he drugged and sexually assaulted more than a dozen women . goins said she was 18 years old when she attended a party with a girlfriend at the famous los angeles home of hugh hefner . i thought i ' d got a drink on the side , ” goins told the newspaper , then “everything kind of went a little foggy , i started feeling sick to my stomach and just dizzy. cosby ' s attorney martin singer is seeking to dismiss huth ' s suit and has called it an extortion attempt .
“it has the potential to be slightly irritating to a dog ’ s ear. " he asked . ” post said yesterday . " it ' s just a funny thing he ' ll do and he ' ll do it for a room full of people . the videos show dogs of every size whining , whimpering and wailing as the " law &amp; order " theme song pipes through in the background . . . . . “there ’ s been very little research on dogs howling . ” the “l&o ” theme music was written by mike post , who ’ s won multiple emmys for tv compositions including “the rockford files , “la law , ” “hill street blues , ” “nypd blue ” and “magnum , pi.
in this study , we sampled the headspace of 6 human and 26 animal remains that decomposed for 6 months . william hanlon ' s patented beheading block and ax is not nearly as deadly as it sounds . two papers kicked off the effort in 2004 , one from a tennessee research station called the body farm that evaluated gases released late in decomposition , and the other from greece , which looked at the early stages of the process . among them a human specific marker was sought using principle component analysis . 452 compounds were identified .
... for years and the food is great . xmas opening hours : christmas eve - 9am-1pm christmas day - booki simple down to earth good english food . can ' t wait to try the sunday roast that so many people have recommended ! they might not have a business degree but they ve been there story_separator_special_tag ... ngs only ( sold out ) boxing day - closed 27th december - closed 28th december - closed 29th december - closed 30th december - closed new years eve - closed new years day - closed 2nd jan - open as normal ( 7 : 00am-2 : 30pm ) merry christmas everyone &amp; happy new year !
hayes ' is currently the only consecrated virgin in her diocese . " i had been praying about it for years , trying to seek god ' s will for my life and not really finding it in any of the paths that i sought before , " she said . 38-year-old hayes is a high school theology teacher . the most blessed virgin mary is our primary patroness , and saint kateri tekakwitha , virgin , the first native american to be canonized , is also a patroness of the usacv . ( wane ) - hundreds of people attended a wedding at the cathedral of the immaculate conception in downtown fort wayne saturday morning .
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . lebron james has another ring . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites .
12 , at 10 p.m. for more of the abc news special , " being melania -- the first lady . add interest she also said she believes she is one of the most bullied people in the world . " the first lady ' s comments come on the heels of a recent op-ed in the new york times by an anonymous senior trump administration official who claimed that many senior officials are trying to " frustrate parts of [ trump ' s ] agenda . " tune in this friday , oct. " " you always need to watch your back .
durham and b. “that ’ s the eye of a burglar , ” he boasts . durham did not know the historical background of the paintings . he was still convicted in 2005 and sentenced to 3.5 years in prison . he stuffed them into a bag , and escaped by sliding down a rope he and his accomplice had put in place . initially wanted to sell the paintings to criminal sam klepper , but he was assassinated shortly before the robbery . durham says in the documentary . durham werd veroordeeld en moet nog altijd tonnen schadevergoeding betalen aan het museum .
cbs said he ' ll stay at the network as a news reporter and primary substitute at the " cbs evening news , " " face the nation " and " sunday morning . file - in this nov. what do you think of the new team , show trackers ? home page or look through a list of yahoo ! co-anchors harry ... credit : getty images 3. there had been little inkling that alterations were afoot , although the show had changed its executive producer , david friedman , within the past year . ' s online services .
[ 5 ] origins of the curse [ edit ] the exact nature of sianis ' s curse differs in various accounts of the incident . you are never going to win a world series again because you insulted my goat. theo epstein still likes his chances . it is a big time to be a chicago cubs fan . we understand she ’ s a little busy right now . check it out : lifelong fan bill murray with the winning shirt pearl jam ’ s eddie vedder eddie vedder heartbroken after loud out by david ross .
beirut ( ap ) — syrian opposition activists say extremists from the islamic state group have seized key towns and villages near the border with turkey after deadly clashes with other rebels in the area . british bases spokesperson kristian gray says a number of tornado surveillance aircraft will ... " earlier wednesday , france had pledged to deliver a new 20-ton shipment of humanitarian aid including medicine , tents and water treatment equipment to irbil later in the day . 12 , 2014. senior american officials say u.s. intelligence agencies are directly arming the kurds , a shift in washington ' s policy of only working through the baghdad government .
her family is really trying to keep the positive energy up and says aimee is still not aware of the national attention she is getting . sunday , may 27 , 2012 augusta , ga. " aimee , a 24-year-old graduate student , acquired necrotizing faciitis after falling from a zipline and cutting her leg on may 1. ! ! i will follow with details tonight . writing on his facebook page , andy copeland declared sunday " aimee day , " saying : " our baby can talk . -- aimee copeland has spoken her first words since being admitted to the hospital at the beginning of may .
there ' s a supervolcano under yellowstone , capable of shooting 1,000 cubic kilometers of rock and ash into the air . this video helps you understand what causes volcanoes to form and erupt — and shows where they are most likely to be found . the improved computer model , detailed in a new study published in geochemistry , geophysics , geosystems , finds that the hypothetical , large eruption would create a distinctive kind of ash cloud known as an umbrella , which expands evenly in all directions , sending ash across north america . that ’ s the big-picture goal.
they had escaped and returned to their workplace to pass the night , another concession to their changing world . the reality of war has crept into daily life , and there is a sense of inevitability . are we the next aleppo ? gasoline is increasingly scarce , and as winter approaches , people are worried about shortages story_separator_special_tag dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . factories have been burned down or damaged in fighting . wealthy syrians say the violence from the ... activist claims and videos could not be independently verified .
sheriff ’ s officials have said dimaggio killed both of them and kidnapped anderson ’ s daughter , hannah , 16 , then remotely set incendiary devices in his house and detached garage . she had an incision wound on her neck that the report said was likely inflicted after she died . the autopsy report said at least 12 impact sites were on her head , and that her ankles were bound by plastic cable tie . ethan ’ s body had been so badly burned that authorities earlier said he had to be identified through dna . christina anderson and her two children lived in lakeside and had been lured to dimaggio ' s home in boulevard by his assertion that he was moving from the area and wanted to say goodbye , according to interviews given by hannah anderson after her rescue .
according to police , the boy was not involved in the shooting . police also say they received information from school security and school officials . police descended on the home of the student and brought him in for questioning . nbc10 ' s nefertiti jaquez has the latest . two kids just got shot , " shouted frank thorne , whose daughter was inside the school at the time of the shooting . he is currently in stable condition . 17 , 2014 , in philadelphia . ( published monday , feb. after examining the surveillance video and conducting numerous interviews , police identified two suspects in the shooting .
robert bales , who is accused of killing 16 afghan civilians . " we don ' t think that one american was involved , " the taliban official told cnn , refusing to give his name or be otherwise identified . bales said he fell asleep at the wheel , and paid about $ 1,000 in fines and restitution , according to the associated press . the incident has sparked significant backlash in afghanistan , straining already difficult relations with the united states over conduct of the war there . ( ap photo/ted ... but i am also relieved .
" martin and paltrow separated last month after a decade of marriage . like i said , if you can ' t open yourself up , you can ' t appreciate the wonder inside . did his relationship breakdown with paltrow inspire the band ' s new album , ghost stories ? martin said his personal issues caused him and paltrow to grow apart . what changed for me was — i don ' t want to go through life being scared of it , being scared of love , being scared of rejection , being scared of failure .
” but hints are emerging that american cities and the companies that sell trash are in for a rude awakening . specifically , to china . “we used to have just one big bin at our depots , and you threw all the plastics in there , and we just baled it and shipped it to china , ” he said . this is a problem for the us because china is the primary source of demand for its to-be-recycled plastic exports ( pdf ) : resource recycling , portland or china ’ s share of us exports of plastics for recycling .
lana clayton also is charged with malicious tampering of food , according to police . it remains unclear what effect the arrest of lana clayton for murder will have on the probate action or how steven clayton ’ s estate will now be disbursed . clayton was known for his generosity with children and other causes . york county deputies said 52-year-old lana clayton confessed to investigators after an autopsy uncovered a high amount of tetrahydrozoline in her husband ' s body . the chemical is found in over-the-counter eye drops such as visine . clover , s.c. jail records did not indicate if she had a lawyer .
“henri ’ s not a graduate student , but he still contributes what he can to the campus culture and has cultivated a great group dynamic. velandia and vandiver are now fighting for the repeal of the defense of marriage act . current undergraduates who know the couple spoke about velandia ’ s importance to the university community . to see that disrupted when it ’ s clearly only benefiting is annoying. velandia goes before his immigration judge in newark , n.j. josh vandiver was born in colorado . 17. , on nov. vandiver and velandia were married aug.
“eric holder ends up being the custodian of the documents , ” said issa on “fox news sunday. issa ’ s letter is unlikely to force action but it is sure to build drama . i ’ m saying what they ’ re doing has a racial effect , and that ’ s what we ’ re going to talk about [ on tuesday ] , ” said sharpton in a phone interview . &#124; john shinkle/politico issa escalates ' furious ' war rep. house republicans soundly reject those allegations . ) last week .
” the act of getting wasted in that way is also referred to as “butt chugging , ” “alcohol enema ” and , well , “completely idiotic. fiu released its own statement wednesday , saying it was recently made aware of the postings and is investigating possible violations of the universitys code of student conduct . fraternity pledge hospitalized after soy-sauce dare gwu fraternities , sorority to lose campus houses this several posters stressed that pikes were only allowed to sell fraternity-affiliated t-shirts to thin women . other posts belittle classmates . anyone have a connect for coke ,  one group member wrote .
there is no known antidote to the drug , the chief neuroscientist at the hospital in rennes said . " i was overwhelmed by their distress " she told reporters . other patients went in on wednesday and thursday . it is a high price to pay , but thousands of people do safely take part in similar trials each year . health minister marisol touraine pledged to " get to the bottom ... the safety and effectiveness of these drugs are rigorously tested in animals . a fifth man is suffering from neurological problems and a sixth man is being monitored but is not in a critical condition , mr edan said .
if you have placenta previa , you ' ll probably be restricted from physical exertion for a portion of your pregnancy and you ' ll likely require a cesarean section ( c-section ) to safely deliver your baby . the tiny baby girl , who is now eight days old , was born last week in chongqing , southwest china , after doctors performed an emergency operation to correct a problem with her mother ’ s cervix . placenta previa can cause severe bleeding before or during delivery . in placenta previa , the placenta attaches to the lower area of the uterus .
' huh? is universal , and that it is a word . dingemanse and colleagues studied languages from around the world and found that all of them have a word with a near-identical sound and function as english ' huh? ” huh ? one might object that this suggests that ' huh? although ' huh? " huh ? huh ? doi : 10.1371/journal.pone.0094620 &#124; view correction abstract a word like huh? their nearly 200 recordings of casual conversations revealed that there are versions of " huh ? ' is much more similar across languages than words normally should be , it does differ across languages in systematic ways .
“i ’ m not saying they weren ’ t working on it behind the scenes , ” munn says of fox . ( a source close to the production later clarified that at least one co-star had , in " it ' s the first film in the franchise since 2010. she did what she did because she felt it was the right thing to do , but it ' s clear not everyone felt that way . speaking on saturday to the hollywood reporter , without any cast members at her side , munn discussed the situation at length .
in a blog post on monday , oyster ’ s founders said they were “taking steps to sunset ” the company ’ s service , which launched in 2012 . google is resistant to the notion that it bought oyster . consumers , who are flocking to other subscription services like netflix and spotify , appear reluctant to sign up with the equivalent for books . now ) . the move came at an auspicious time for the book industry , as publishers have begun setting prices evenly across the e-book market . even amazon has declined to discuss how well its service is performing .
huffman disputed that accusation , noting that west virginia ’ s economy is more heavily dependent than other states on the coal and chemical industries . earl ray tomblin said at a news conference . “we can ’ t just point a single finger at this company , ” said angela rosser , the executive director of west virginia rivers coalition . west virginia law does not require inspections for chemical storage facilities — only for production facilities . but mr. ms. lt. col. gov . schools will also be closed or partially closed in six counties monday , although officials expect most students to be back in classrooms by tuesday .
he said the sexual encounter " did not involve violence , constraint or aggression " and that ms diallo had lied , but he had no intention of negotiating with her in her civil case . ' missed appointment ' mr strauss-kahn was questioned by claire chazal , a friend of his wife anne sinclair , on the main sunday night bulletin of france ' s tf1 - watched by a huge audience . " what happened was more than an inappropriate relationship . ___ angela charlton in paris contributed to this report . " he added " i regret it infinitely .
starbucks says the yogurt segment in the u.s. is a $ 6 billion business , with room to grow significantly . it has since added packaged coffee , tazo brand tea and via instant packets . starbucks didn ' t disclose the financial terms of the deal , but said danone will handle the distribution , so it doesn ' t expect to face additional capital expenses . the plan helps address two of chief executive officer howard schultz ’ s key concerns : offering healthier fare and helping starbucks corp. chobani inc. “when you start to get too diverse with your portfolio , investors just have a hard time characterizing what you are , ” chidley said .
accordingly , it behooves parents to discover the impressions that will be generated by the names they select for their children . one of ms. but then the grandparents threw in a sweetener : an offer of $ 10,000 in exchange for choosing frank . hudock ’ s company didn ’ t have a maternity leave policy , and she wasn ’ t going to get paid for several months . ethical-caring ( e.g. murray said . it also includes useful information for adults who are dissatisfied with their first or last names and would like to assume new names .
" we sent it to june ' s son . miller lived in florida and had a summer home in murphy . " the whole thing is just sad , " miller said . after the obituary appeared , a viewer contacted wtvc to say it appeared some sections were plagiarized . part of it reads : " there will be no service , no prayers , and no closure for the family she spent a lifetime tearing apart . it most obituaries , you find a message honoring a person ' s life . “unbelievable . watch the update here .
“multiple giant craters exist on the sea floor in an area in the story_separator_special_tag the location of the so-called bermuda triangle . appearance : then all of a sudden … disappearance ! and ships certainly could sink suddenly if the water beneath them turned to foam , which these craters – measuring up to 45m deep and 800m wide – could be capable of doing . what is it ? i see . goodness . nope . the huge bubbles can erupt from undersea deposits of solid methane , known as gas hydrates . and anywhere else , for that matter name : the bermuda triangle age : 52 years .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . just days after his fiance crystal harris dumped him and moved out of the mansion , it seems that a couple of hef ’ s favorite ladies have already moved in to take her place . guess hef needs all the support he can get to mend that broken heart . ] story_separator_special_tag hugh hefner the best way to get over a girl ... [ image via wenn. hmm , well , that didn ’ t take too long .
cosko , 27 , for posting addresses and private information of senators , according to the police department . jackson a. a receptionist told fox news that they didn ’ t receive many calls , despite their number being listed as the senator ’ s home number . he is set to appear before u.s. magistrate deborah a. maxine waters ( d-calif. orrin g. lindsey o. kavanaugh . all three targeted senators were members of the senate judiciary committee who questioned both dr. the information was quickly removed after the doxing was discovered and aides contacted authorities .
huntman ’ s ad features his three daughters in horn-rimmed glasses and false mustaches “tomorrow is friday , one day closer to the weekend , ” one deadpans . story_separator_special_tag republican presidential hopeful jon huntsman may be trailing in the polls , but he has become the first of the candidates to put up a parody of former tobacco lobbyist herman cain ’ s already-notorious “smoking man ” ad . in conclusion , at the point where cain ’ s aide takes a drag on a cigarette , all three women blow soap bubbles in unison . ” “we are shamelessly promoting out dad like no other family ever has , ” the third continues .
ornelas , san antonio express-news image 3 of 25 law enforcement personnel work the scene of a shooting at rolling oaks mall sunday , jan. according to san antonio police chief william mcmanus , two suspects attempted a jewelry store robbery and two good samaritans attempted to intervene . additional details were not immediately available . 22 , 2017. that robber was then shot and injured by another individual , who had a licensed concealed handgun . photo : edward a. police confirm the person was taken into custody sunday night . one of the suspects got away shooting six people inside the mall .
” audi drivers will have to pay for the service . if the system thinks a driver won ' t make it through a green light , it will also start counting down as if the light were red . more broadly , though , communication between vehicles and traffic infrastructure is seen as critical for the evolution of self-driving cars . “this is not information that is available on a smartphone that you are using. drivers see the countdown in the instrument cluster . the feature , which allows the cars to receive traffic light information in areas that have centralized control , will roll out city by city .
the 17-year-old is releasing new album , " can ' t be tamed , " and is doing it her way , even though some say she is going to too far for her age . and i think i ' ve done that but that ' s not my schtick . file - in this may 29 , 2010 file photo , american singer and actress miley cyrus performs during her concert at the rock in rio music festival in lisbon . related : tommy lee slams howard stern ! " what she wears has been put under the spotlight recently .
" i have been and always will be a proud west virginia democrat , " manchin said . justice ' s decision to switch parties . despite his status as the richest man in the state , he still lived in the house he grew up in and coached high school basketball . trump , who has promised to restore lost coal industry jobs , has lavished attention on west virginia since taking office . people are feeling betrayed right now. you can unsubscribe at any time . 1 goal . west virginia sen. west virginia gov .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . learn more story_separator_special_tag note to baserunners : never get too comfortable . yasiel puig developed a surefire way to keep uribe from making the same mistake again . el pie en la base para q no te metan out http://t.co/1xcq52uque — yasielpuig ( @yasielpuig ) august 10 , 2013 ( thanks to larry brown sports for the video ) the dodgers third baseman reached third on a sacrifice fly with one out remaining in the fourth inning , but he dipped his head while dusting himself off .
the report said the syrian military and the shabiha used children as young as 8 on at least three occasions last year . syrian government helicopter gunships strafed rebel positions in haffa , un observers and human rights activists said . ' civilians trapped ' annan ' s six-point plan 1. authorities to ensure freedom of movement for journalists 6. in an attack parties to allow humanitarian aid 4. in 2009 , the council voted to also name and shame countries and insurgent groups engaged in conflicts that lead to children being killed , maimed and raped .
( photo : susan walsh , ap ) story highlights that ' s up from the $ 26,600 debt held by 2011 graduates rising tuition , stagnant family incomes contribute to need to borrow students from delaware graduated with the highest average debt the average student debt load continues to rise as new data show the class of 2012 graduated college with an average debt of close to $ 30,000 . nearly all for-profit colleges did not take part . story_separator_special_tag antwan williams , a senior at roosevelt high school , fills out a college enrollment application at his school in washington , thursday , nov.
a man has accused british transport police of being “overzealous ” and “ridiculous ” after he was arrested for charging his iphone using a socket on a london overground train . select post select post deselect post deselect post link to post link to post member give gift member back to top post by fahad on bassmike said : is it correct that lul have standarc 13 amp sockets on stations but modified with the l&n pins vertical instead of horizontal to prevent public use ( unless you can get hold of a suitable plug !
thank you for reading . thursday , police are back on charlottesville ' s downtown mall in the search for graham . graham is described as approximately 5 ' 11 " tall with a skinny build , with blue eyes , light brown hair and freckles . if you are a current 7-day subscriber you are granted an all-access pass to the website and digital newspaper replica . a reward totaling $ 50,000 is being offered for information about the cause of her disappearance . police still want to hear anyone who may have seen graham or from businesses who might have surveillance video .
xi . before posing for a group picture and making a few remarks , the president and first lady peng liyuan joined nadella , microsoft co-founder bill gates , microsoft president brad smith , and others at the company ’ s executive building for a short tour that included technology demos of microsoft products like the hololens and data visualization software . lu checked where mr. xi . xi story_separator_special_tag chinese president xi jinping got a warm welcome from tech leaders wednesday ( sept. that event unfolded in a less than obvious way . , last week , many wondered who would turn up .
the order affects russia ' s " chancery annex " in washington and a " consular annex " in new york . washington had to reduce its diplomatic staff by 755 people . we believe this action was unwarranted and detrimental to the overall relationship between our countries . the russian offices must close by saturday . these closures will need to be accomplished by september 2. the state department says move is in response to the kremlin forcing a cut in u.s. diplomatic staff in moscow . story_separator_special_tag the united states has fully implemented the decision by the government of the russian federation to reduce the size of our mission in russia .
" i look forward to all meetings today with world leaders , including my meeting with vladimir putin . as investigations at home continue into whether there was any collusion between trump ' s presidential campaign and russia , the u.s. president has come under pressure to take a hard line against the kremlin . setting up a working group on non-interference in future elections – as tillerson said had been agreed – is hardly likely to reassure those in washington worried about russia ’ s actions . much to discuss , " trump wrote in a tweet on friday .
miss stuckey , 35 , has had more than 4,700 matches through the site and gone on 136 dates since she joined in december 2013. " now that is not meant to sound aggressive . but the primary school teacher from sydney has never met the men again - either because she did not like them or they did not like here . right ? eharmony tells e ! news . ” . she said : " you have got to have thick skin and take it with a grain of salt ” , before adding : " i still have hope he ’ ll be out there .
buffett ' s annual letter to berkshire shareholders on saturday , the omaha , neb. “the prophets of doom have overlooked the all-important factor that is certain : human potential is far from exhausted , and the american system for unleashing that potential – a system that has worked wonders for over two centuries despite frequent interruptions for recessions and even a civil war – remains alive and effective , ” he wrote . in mr. shares of berkshire hathaway , which peaked in late 2007 at more than $ 148,000 apiece , closed friday at $ 127,550 .
the flight from japan to hawaii was the eighth of 13 legs . for @bertrandpiccard and i , it ' s a dream coming true , " pilot andré borschberg upon his successful landing . read more we are exploring new territories. he said that yoga had been a “huge support ” for sustaining a positive mindset and helped to keep him alert . jasper colt , usa today the solar impulse 2 , a sun-powered airplane , circles the kalaeloa airport , on july 3 , 2015 , in kapolei , hawaii . borschberg and bertrand piccard have been alternating the long solo flights aboard the plane .
" there ' s a lot of police activity and ambulances and fire engines . ( ap ) — three people were killed thursday morning in a shooting at a rite aid distribution center in northeast maryland , officials said . the families of the victims , who are all adults , still need to be notified , fang said . " ___ associated press writer eric tucker in washington contributed to " pollack , was ... ramos of attacking the capital gazette because of a longstanding grudge against the paper . johns hopkins bayview trauma director dr. she has not yet been identified .
police arrested bunch on charges of arson and felony murder . authorities say bunch set fire to her mobile home in a blaze that killed her 3-year-old son , tony . tommy was convicted and sentenced to death in 1985 because of a false confession and official misconduct . cwc client gabriel solache exonerated ! bunch went back to the indiana women ' s prison the day after giving birth at a local hospital . patterson to govenor john kasich in 2015. read our press release here . they had a long embrace . greensburg , ind . bunch , 21 , snapped awake in the living room .
here he is closing his eyes during the africa union meeting in sirte , libya , in july 2005. ” mandela died in 2013 at the age of 95. critics have questioned mugabe ’ s fitness to rule the southern africa nation , especially at a time when the country ’ s economy is in free-fall , with zimbabweans desperate for cash sleeping outside banks . let us disabuse ourselves. he intends to stand in presidential elections next year . he then compared mr mugabe to the anti-apartheid icon nelson mandela , whose eyes were affected by years of working in a limestone quarry while imprisoned on robben island .
that ’ s hyperbolic of course , but the fact remains that the story_separator_special_tag browser game tests you to survive elon musk ’ s hyperloop excited by the prospect of high-speed travel by riding in a pod through airless tubes in elon musk ’ s concept of the hyperloop ? don ' t call it a wright brothers ' " kitty hawk " moment just yet , though . story_separator_special_tag one small push for hyperloop , one giant thrust for the future of transportation . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to .
“face cam , ” it ’ s called . suh , a 30-year-old woman who fled north korea in 2008 , cradles her 18-month-old daughter ji-yeon as they make the difficult journey from laos to thailand . ” ( sin huh ) — sometimes the men just wanted to talk with the north korean women . “but then i found out how many perverts there are out there. “it was exposed that some of the north korean female workers who work at a food factory located in donggang went outside at night after work and engaged in prostitution , ” he said .
demonstrations erupted after mosque prayers today in at least four pakistani cities . after her arrest , she allegedly told u.s. officials that she had been on her way to the airport to visit an uncle in islamabad when she was kidnapped by american intelligence , drugged and taken to a secret prison where she was tortured . ' we will demand the release of siddqui in exchange for her . story_separator_special_tag sponsored links ( sept. " u.s . 24 ) -- pakistan ' s prime minister called a female scientist convicted of opening fire on u.s. interrogators in afghanistan a " daughter of the nation " today and vowed to bring the so-called " lady al-qaida " back home to pakistan.many pakistanis are angry at their government for failing to intervene in the case of aafia siddiqui , a 38-year-old pakistani neuroscientist and mother of three who was sentenced thursday to 86 years in a u.s. federal prison .
john holcomb will be in charge of her care . gabrielle giffords and her family , today ' s trip is expected to be a special and uniquely triumphant journey . in two months ' time , he said , " she ' ll be walking through the front door of this building . a group of vfw motorcycle riders has volunteered to escort the ambulance to the base . " " and you know the individual outcomes of individual patients are always a little unclear . asked one of her tucson neurosurgeons , dr. hobby airport in houston .
by using this site , you consent to these cookies being placed on your browser . i ' d tell you if i remembered taking the picture but i don ' t . arango , a member of the puerto rican senate , vice-chaired george w. also , this area right here , lemme get the angle right so you can see it — aahh , there , much better . bush ' s 2004 puerto rico campaign . [ guanabee ] we use cookies to collect and process data . all an innocent mistake . simple misunderstanding .
in a way , it ' s a y2k-esque problem . there are two main reasons that cause leap seconds to occur . the observatory houses the international earth rotation and reference systems service ( iers ) , responsible for synchronising time . countries that use coordinated universal time — several west african nations , britain , ireland and iceland — will add the leap second during the midnight countdown to 2017 — making the year ' s final minute 61 seconds long . we had one back in the summer of 2015 , and when everybody is ready for one , you hardly even notice that anything has happened .
in addition to directing the film , cooper co-stars alongside gaga . ” when cooper replies by telling her “i think you ’ re beautiful , ” the trailer shows them falling in love and cooper eventually encouraging gaga to overcome her fears of performing . a portion of the film was shot during coachella in 2017. learn more watch the full season of search history on peopletv.com or download the peopletv app on your favorite device . mr. a pair of stand-up comedians , andrew dice clay ( who does not appear in the trailer ) and dave chappelle , are cast as ally ’ s father and jackson ’ s old friend , respectively , and sam elliott plays the manager for both singers .
manually setting your apple gadget to that date apparently causes a conflict that will chock the device . i shutdown my phone and restarted it , the result is a bricked iphone . related : apple says 1 billion of its devices are in active use around the world what ' s so special about 1 january 1970 ? " tech website 9to5mac posted a video demonstrating the date bug , which appears to only affect apple devices with 64-bit processors — meaning iphone 5s , ipad air , ipad mini 2 and the sixth-generation ipod touch , or newer models of those devices .
" it is these that have to be respected . in addition , the us department of justice could conduct a criminal investigation into volkswagen . michel sapin told french radio : “this is not a minor subject , it ’ s not about speed or the quality of leather . volkswagen overtook japan ' s toyota motor corp. volkswagen ag admitted that it rigged u.s. tests so it would appear that its diesel-powered cars were emitting fewer nitrogen oxides , which can contribute to ozone buildup and respiratory illness . shares in volkswagen fell by another 5 % on tuesday after losing almost a fifth of their value on monday .
the rapper says in a connecticut bankruptcy court ... file - in this july 20 , 2015 , file photo , actor curtis " 50 cent " jackson attends the premiere of " southpaw " at the amc loews lincoln square in new york . but he ' s paying $ 72,000 a month to maintain his suburban hartford mansion . he has a monthly income of $ 185,000 , mainly from royalties and interest on his investments . his monday court filing says he also owes money to his stylist , his barber and his fitness coach . story_separator_special_tag is fiddy really broke ?
the plan , which ryan and wyden plan to unveil thursday morning , would give medicare beneficiaries a choice between today ' s medicare and private health plans . people can go to bed knowing that traditional medicare will be there for them for all time. ) that would keep the federally funded program in place . that proposal became a political lightning rod after it was released . — this post has been updated . pete domenici ( r-n.m. working with democratic sen. ” the pair said they would not draft legislation . the country ’ s at stake.
forensic experts who examined the results of dna tests obtained exclusively by the two news organizations disputed former district attorney mary lacy ' s conclusion that a dna profile found in one place on jonbenet ' s underpants and two locations on her long johns was necessarily the killer ' s — which lacy had asserted in clearing jonbenet ' s family of suspicion . we all saw it . 26 , 1996. " whoever did this sat outside of her room and waited until everyone was asleep to kill her . interested in jon benet ramsey ? an autopsy concluded that the cause of death was asphyxiation due to strangulation .
“but i was in the car with those two detectives and i just stopped that , ” scott continues . the discovery of the bodies of laci and conner peterson in april 2003 became a turning point in the investigation of laci ’ s husband , scott peterson , for their murders . he was arrested days later and was convicted the following year , after which he was sentenced to die . ” • people ’ s special edition true crime stories : 35 real cases that inspired the show law &amp; order is on sale now .
european union foreign policy chief catherine ashton said tuesday that she had met with deposed egyptian president mohamed morsi , the first contact he has had with an independent official since he was taken into military custody almost a month ago . ashton , who is trying to mediate a resolution to egypt ' s political crisis , added : " i said i wouldn ' t come unless i could see him ( mursi ) . his ... ms. last week , prosecutors announced that morsi was being investigated over allegations of espionage and murder — accusations that his supporters have dismissed as politically motivated .
" the country ' s supreme court last week prohibited an abortion for beatriz , who suffers from lupus and kidney failure and whose lawyers said the pregnancy was threatening her life . such a foetus has little or no chance of surviving after birth . ultrasound images had indicated her fetus was developing with only a brain stem . " i expect things to go well over the next few hours . the woman was recovering under the close watch of doctors late monday . health minister maria isabel rodriguez said the operation took place about 2 p.m.
and for the chinese navy , this is just a way to get a taste for ‘global reach , ’ ” mr shepovalenko said . a senior russian diplomat strongly rejected allegations that moscow could leave military equipment in belarus . russia has said it would invite observers if the exercise exceeded 13,000 forces . the drills are being conducted in russian , according to the baltic fleet ’ s press service . u.s army europe commanding general ben hodges speaks during the inauguration ceremony of bilateral military training between u.s. and polish troops in zagan , poland , january 30 , 2017.
" " and i was very insistent , " added falon with a laugh . robert griffin instagram screenshot “[ i ] didn ’ t want to alert my wife , ” robert wrote on facebook . brenda is the restaurant ' s drive-thru director . here ’ s what happened : maggie and i loaded up the ... last night i delivered our baby girl in the bathroom at a chick-fil-a ! but perhaps the best even though employees were off the clock , they let the 38-week pregnant mother inside . so i told her , ' sweetie , we ' re gonna do something great , and we ' re gonna do it right here and we ' re gonna do it right now , ' " robert said .
they said they also considered suicide as a result of " crippling anxiety " from having nude images posted across social media for friends , family and employers to see . 17 and provided 40 pages of notes on the conversations he had with danny heinrich . in passing sentence , u.s. district judge richard kyle gave martynenko two years ' credit for his assistance to investigators on the jacob wetterling case . target lists grant was 15 when martynenko reached out to him in 2012 purporting to be cortney jansgen , an attractive young manager of a modeling agency who pitched grant on a $ 1,000 modeling gig .
the cocktail " has certainly been a tradition of the hotel and will remain part of its future , " said matthew willinger , the hotel ’ s director of public relations , according to the times . how could you have a place that f. ) justin sayers can be reached at ( 502 ) 582-4252 or jsayers@gannett.com . he recently admitted his fabrication to gaz regan . ” ►read more : ind . 17 , 1997. it later found its way into “vintage spirits and forgotten cocktails , " a book by historian ted haigh , also known as dr.
if you have applied for any cash help then you must be aware with all the different formalities associated with getting the money permitted . moreover , holding a piggy bank is critical that should not be more than 3 months old . these loans can supply for urgent medical expenses , electricity bills , car bills and education expenditures . let us know your favorite ! don ’ t do it . here a borrower has in order to fill a good application form available on the website from the lender just about all the his or her explains .
jews . according to a pew survey from the religion and public life project , 32 % of jews have a christmas tree in their homes , and 71 % of jews married to non-jews have a tree . “aren ’ t you jewish ? " merry christmas . " rudolph , the red-nosed reindeer " -- johnny marks . let it snow ! the notion that non-christians are excluded is absurd . rabbi jen e. ” people say . ” well , if we ’ re talking about traditions , hanukkah is an old holiday , but jewish cultural evolution is maybe even older .
" our early conjecture is that the plane is in the bottom of the sea , " said bambang sulistyo , the head of indonesia ' s search-and-rescue agency . another malaysia airlines flight , also a boeing 777 , was shot down over rebel-controlled eastern ukraine while en route from amsterdam to kuala lumpur on july 17. ___ q : isn ' t this the third malaysian jet to crash this year ? large waves and clouds hampered the search for the plane on sunday and monday . passing through bad weather such as severe thunderstorms could have been a factor .
" it ' s not americans ' views that are shifting . republican senator john mccain , one of the eight senators in the group , had his own encounter with citizens angered by illegal immigration on tuesday when residents of his state of arizona complained bitterly at a town hall meeting about the lack of security on the border with mexico . ) and charles schumer ( d. danny yadron reports . photo : getty . graham said . mr. , s.c. , n.y. , ariz. the online survey shows resistance to easing immigration laws despite the biggest push for reform in congress since 2007.
" morley ' s he was lightning . safer was in declining health when he announced his retirement last week ; cbs news broadcast a long-planned special hour to honor the occasion on sunday may 15 that he watched in his home . to celebrate safer ' s remarkable tenure , executive producer jeff fager called on an in-house dream team -- editor warren lustig and producers david browning , katy textor and michelle st. you hear lines . there were countless stories , on every imaginable topic , each tale uniquely his own . safer didn ' t take himself too seriously , his colleagues say , and liked to entertain his viewers .
" brand equity is extremely important to quick-serve restaurants , " grant said . “consumers spoke , and mcdonald ’ s listened . this isn ' t the first time the fast-food industry has resisted gmo potatoes . many parents are already limiting the amount of fast food that their children eat , and gmo french fries would give them another reason to pass by the golden arches . ' s new genetically modified potato . potatoes naturally produce the chemical when they ' re cooked at high temperatures . consumers will be receptive to the reduced sugars and potential carcinogens , cole said .
story_separator_special_tag published on jul 14 , 2017 subscribe for more breaking news : http://smarturl.it/associatedpress video captured a large sinkhole swallowing part of a home near tampa , florida . " it was frightening , " guthrie said . the home last sold in 2015 , according to records . founded in 1846 , ap has covered all the major news events of the past 165 years , providing high-quality , informed reporting of everything from wars and elections to championship games and royal weddings . mother nature is going to take what mother nature takes . by early afternoon , the home next door also had been destroyed by the sinkhole .
zurita went to the hospital on october 10 with a seriously infected wound on his upper left arm and was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis , according to the galveston county health district . , in september . “he has a lot of friends here in galveston that love him . he was very young and always smiling. it shouldn ' t be surprising . rigo. oscar , mr. survivors include his parents , castulo perez reyes and juliana zurita martinez reyes ; wife , gloria zurita zurita ; daughter , carolina perez zurita ; sisters , yolanda perez zurita and elvia perez zurita ; brother , efrain perez zurita ; cousins , anastacio zurita and silvia gaspar ; close friends mr.
today , it announced that , as part of that plan , it is investing $ 1 billion over five years in a company called argo ai , a startup led by the former leads of google and uber ' s self-driving programs . ford ’ s goal is to tap into argo ai ’ s expertise to help establish the car company as a leader in the autonomous space . other companies have tried similar arrangements amid intense competition for qualified engineers . " car companies are coming to grips with demographic and socioeconomic changes and the rise of the sharing economy and are moving beyond the old way of doing business , i.e.
" it was a vision , " fowler said of her husband ' s idea . the event then moved inside , where the story_separator_special_tag today children attend a party that was converted for a celebration for the homeless by a family who donated their cancelled wedding reception . fowler : yes , and she was also very delighted to see and know that others had an opportunity to enjoy something rather than just allow it to go to waste . 15 ceremony . on sept. welcome . they were the recipients . “we didn ’ t get any cash out of it , but people found out
" i think that not just because of the strong economy and the fact that people are going to see increasingly rising wages , " romney said , " but i think it ' s also true because i think our democrat friends are likely to nominate someone who is really out of the mainstream of american thought and will make it easier for a president who ' s presiding over a growing economy . you can unsubscribe at any time . ( associated press ) file - in this march 3 , 2018 , file photo , mitt romney speaks with a group during a breakfast campaign stop in green river , utah .
garnett said doctors drained more than 2 pints of blood from his penis and injected it with medication 24 times to make the unwanted erection go away . “he was in hysterics at first , but then he realized how serious the situation was. untreated , it can permanently damage ” story_separator_special_tag facebook jason garnett will always remember last friday . eight hours after waking up , garnett told his roommate about his problem . it ’ s all a bit black and blue. ” garnett was taken to a hospital and was diagnosed with priapism , a rare condition where erections do not subside .
schlitterbahn waterparks and resorts and the family that runs it said in a statement that the " verruckt " ride at the schlitterbahn park in kansas city , kansas , will be permanently removed from its tower " once the investigation is concluded and we are given permission by the court . we continue to according to a police report , caleb died of a neck injury . no charges or lawsuits have been filed as of tuesday . the safety of our staff and our guests is our top priority . riders are weighed to ensure each raft carries between 400 pounds and 550 pounds .
miliote said joseph ’ s death did not appear to be suspicious . marie joseph went swimming in the pool at lafayette park sunday with friends . police are now trying to determine how she died and if her body was in the water all that time . the boy stated that “marie unexpectedly slid down the slide landing on top of him , ’ ’ racine said . edward lambert jr. everything beyond that is absolutely under investigation . high temperatures around the state will range from the low 70s to the low 80s today and tomorrow , according to the national weather service in taunton .
credit card providers were notified of more than 400,000 compromised credit and debit cards , the officials said . the forum , called " carder profit , " was essentially an online market for registered users to exchange stolen account numbers . on tuesday , after a two-year undercover operation , authorities in 13 countries arrested two dozen people who are accused of fraud involving computer crime . islam declined to comment . spokeswoman . mr. “we drew them out of the shadows with the web site as bait. on eighth avenue in midtown manhattan . instead , it was a creation of the federal bureau of investigation .
10 : 25 — moore appears to speak to his witnesses , his brother , niece , a friend and a spiritual adviser . execution chamber is soundproof . director scott frakes and acting warden robert madsen are at the foot of the table moore is on . learn more about subscriber plus . he then steps back . 10 : 31 — saline runs through the iv tube . 10 : 38 — moore ’ s eyelids crack open slightly . if you need other assistance , call ( 844 ) 466-1452 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com . upgrade to full digital for only $ 3 extra per month .
) as house majority leader began wednesday within hours of his stunning primary loss and escalated when he announced he would step down early from his leadership post . “i ’ m honored that i ’ ve had the privilege of serving the people of virginia ’ s 7th district. cantor ( r-va. ” one member said . the no . ( also on politico : the gop leadership scramble ) “suffering is part of life , misery is a choice , ” said cantor , the only jewish republican in the house , quoting a holocaust survivor .
in his remarks , the president praised wilkie for an " incredible job " steering the va in recent months . as a former adviser to sen. president donald trump on friday tapped robert wilkie , a veteran gop aide and acting veterans affairs secretary , as his choice to become the permanent leader of the scandal-plagued agency . thom tillis ( r-n.c. you can unsubscribe at any time . arthur allen contributed to this report . white house officials later confirmed he would not return to his role at the president ' s physician . bush and barack obama , as well as trump , withdrew his bid to lead the va in april amid a series of allegations that he created a toxic work environment , drunkenly wrecked a car and maintained poor prescription records while serving in the federal government .
" on the gsa issue , he was i think it ’ s fair to say apoplectic , " said david axelrod , said on nbc ' s " meet the press . susan collins ( r-maine ) and rep. " " i ' m going to try to stay out of this one . sen. 2 post . " coburn also expressed faith in the director of the secret service , mark sullivan . and republicans have sought to paint the scenario as an example of government run amok . and so this was very enraging to him , and , of course , he acted quickly , the administration acted quickly and changed the management there .
add interest during a news conference last week , clinton did not go into the details of how the review of her email was conducted , but said it was “thorough ” and that she went “above and beyond ” what she was required to do in turning over many of her emails to the state department . more on this ... story continued below the loose record-keeping practices , which were immediately criticized by historians and open government advocates , are only now being corrected . clinton spokesman nick merrill made the clarification in a written statement to fox news .
the taliban said their target was an official with story_separator_special_tag a motorcycle-borne suicide bomber killed the deputy governor of strategic kandahar province saturday , raising fears that insurgents were reigniting a campaign of assassinations of public servants that terrorized the south ' s main urban hub for much of last year.the taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , which killed abdul latif ashna and injured three of his bodyguards as he was driving to work in kandahar city . yama ' s mother and barmaki ' s mother-in-law is former afghan senator maboba hoqiqmal , who currently is karzai ' s legal affairs adviser .
pagerank says that a page is important if a lot of important pages link to it . , the world ' s most influential mind was swedish naturalist carl linnaeus . the emergence of such pronounced accent to local figures seems to be natural since there are more links and interactions within one culture . trawling through 24 different language editions of wikipedia , eom ' s team calculated whose intellectual fingers stretched out the furthest . number two is michael jackson , and number three is pope pius xii . somewhat surprising . it ' s under linnaeus ' system that human beings became homo sapiens , and taxonomical gifts like llama glama , vini vidivici , apopyllus now and ytu brutus came to be .
” sen. and that ’ s what he did . “unlike the previous administration , president trump confronted a pivotal moment in syria and took action , ” mccain and graham said in a joint statement . rand paul of kentucky blasted trump ' s decision to launch strikes . ” watch williams ’ segment below . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . tim kaine ( d-va. rep. twitter quickly pounced on his comments , calling them insensitive to the horrors of war ) also offered their support , but both made clear they believed any escalation would require the approval of congress .
rape is an abhorrent crime that has no place in the world , let alone on the campuses and grounds of our nation ’ s colleges and universities . she had spoken of the assault in campus forums . as you are aware , i have asked the charlottesville police department to investigate the 2012 assault that is described thank you for reading 5 free articles . ( ryan m. please click below to get started . story_separator_special_tag university of virginia president teresa a. the suspension , which includes sororities and other greek organizations , will continue until jan.
the names jesse and skyler are more popular than ever thanks to the television-watching world ' s obsession with " breaking bad , " according to a list of the most popular baby names in 2013 released by website babycentre . the name west is up 22 percent and kimberly is up 6 percent . oliver and layla both jumped into the top 10 , pushing out logan and zoe . willie had a modest gain of 4 percent . but the names skinny pete , combo and badger have remained niche , unfortunately . the study found that some celebs who received negative press in the past year had their name popularity tumble , such as reese witherspoon ( reese went down 45 percent ) , paula deen ( paula was down 20 percent ) , and lindsay lohan ( lindsay was down 17 percent ) .
a similar threat was made against new york city ' garcetti , speaking at the same morning news conference as the police chief , added that the message included a number of forms of violence and weapons , and stated that " things were already in place to bring that violence about . he said he believed the threat came from much closer than europe . credulity . perhaps . officials announced the districtwide closure shortly before 7 a.m. tuesday . beck later defended the decision to close schools . but it ’ s also apparently very easy to shut down a school — or many schools , in a major american city — by pretending to be an isis fighter using an email with the word “cock ” in it .
roger kane , r-knoxville , told stewart his talk of packard ' s salary was a " red herring " and otherwise criticized the nashville lawmaker ' s statements — drawing applause from perhaps 25 virtual academy teachers , students and parents of students in the audience . looking at so many failing grades , we need to make some changes before the holidays , " the email begins . instead , the house education subcommittee approved a bill pushed by gov . i mean , yes . johnson observed . democratic rep. " in my mind , sure .
that ' s ridiculous . a back injury cost him all but three games in the 2016 season , and he dislocated a finger in the season opener , though he didn ' t miss a game . watt is the heartbeat of the texans defense and recently used his platform to raise over $ 37 million in donations for relief for those affected by hurricane harvey as more than 200,000 people donated . so it ' s going to a lot of different guys that are going to chip in to help . i ' m sorry . we ' ve detected that javascript is disabled in your browser .
detectives have found traces of the nerve agent at other scenes in the past few weeks but at lower concentrations than at the home address , the met police said . story_separator_special_tag a russian hit squad poisoned sergei skripal and his daughter by smearing nerve agent on his front door , police disclosed last night . they had no visible injuries , according to police . approximately 500 witnesses have been identified and hundreds of statements taken . yulia skripal was visiting her father . public health experts are still working to establish whether the nerve agent attack presents a long term risks to salisbury ’ s residents , which will receive a £ 1m support package from central government to help recover .
looking at young workers with longer tenures , 22 % of millennial workers had been with their employer for at least five years as of 2016 , similar to the share of gen x workers ( 21.8 % ) in 2000. generations are analytical constructs , and developing a popular and expert consensus on what marks the boundaries between one generation and the next takes time . a key contributor to the companies ’ success is their online presence , researchers found . michelle roberts reports . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
because the victim is white and the people in the video are black , police also are investigating whether hate crime charges are appropriate , duffin said . f*** trump . officers found the disoriented young man wandering a chicago street " in crisis " tuesday afternoon . he was so traumatized that it took most of the night for him to calm down so he was able to talk to police , capt . eddie johnson said at a news conference thursday . trina orlando reports . steven sesso said . hill , cooper and brittany covington were charged with residential burglary .
' fatherhood effect ' is average weight gain of 3.5 to 4.5 pounds non-fathers lose weight during same time period key time for pediatricians to counsel fathers , who often don ' t have their own doctors chicago --- all those leftover pizza crusts you snatch from your kids ' plates add up . in a study published in the american journal of men ’ s health , dr. it also ( think john hamm , and chris pratt before he went jurassic. " eating habits may shift as the house fills with cookies , ice cream and other snack food .
" that ' s the title of the inspector general ' s report on the irs ' s treatment of tea-party related groups . ineffective management : 1 ) allowed inappropriate criteria to be developed and stay in place for more than 18 months , 2 ) resulted in substantial delays in processing certain applications , and 3 ) allowed unnecessary information requests to be issued . government oversight chairman darrell issa ( r-calif. it didn ’ t out rogue liberal irs agents with an ax to grind against nonprofit tea party groups . here are the key findings : the irs used inappropriate criteria that identified for review tea party and other organizations applying for tax-exempt status based upon their names or policy positions instead of indications of potential political campaign intervention .
trends for all self-inflicted injury methods were stable for males . rates among females aged 15 to 19 years showed a 7.2 % ( 95 % ci , 3.8 % -10.8 % ) increase per year during 2008-2015. results from 2001 to 2015 , neiss-aip captured 43 138 youth self-inflicted injury ed visits . the rising rates " should be of concern to parents , teachers , and pediatricians . rates were weighted to obtain nationally representative estimates and age-adjusted to the 2000 us census population . ___ follow lindsey tanner on twitter : @lindseytanner . older teen girls had the highest rates — 633 visits per 100,000 in 2015 , but the increase after 2008 was less steep .
( associated press ) madison police rope the scene of a police involved shooting at a home in madison , wis. robinson , ... the weapon turned out to be a pellet gun . ” some of robinson ' s family members attended the protests , and said investigators have not allowed them to see his body . they told me he was evidence . ( associated press ) story_separator_special_tag “our community has many questions , questions that i share . the dane county district attorney ’ s office later cleared kenny and two other officers involved in the shooting , saying that the victim pointed “a very realistic-looking facsimile firearm at police effectively compelled officers to resort to deadly force , " the station reported .
story_separator_special_tag story highlights trump ' s comments on saturday are his most extensive about firearms since he launched his campaign in june trump went on to say he has a license to carry a gun in new york washington ( cnn ) donald trump said saturday that had teachers been armed at umpqua community college in roseburg , oregon , the deadly shooting there this week would not have been as tragic . the massacre left nine people dead and nine wounded . pu-ching ! “i ’ m the gunman also died . franklin , tenn. " many states and many cities are closing their mental health facilities and closing them down , and they ' re closing them because they don ' t have the funding , " he said .
he was a congressman , he was a sexter . anthony weiner has been under federal investigation for having allegedly exchanged sexuall explicit messages and images with a 15-year-old girl in north carolina . through approximately march 2016 , i story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . ___ 2005 sept 13 : weiner comes in second in a bid for the democratic nomination for mayor of new york city . former president bill clinton officiates . and now , anthony weiner will go to jail .
the university said in a statement that it notified the fraternity that its recognition as a fraternity chapter at asu has been permanently revoked for violating the university ’ s student code of conduct . holiday weekend depicting racial stereotypes . university officials are still investigating and deciding how to handle individual cases of student discipline . ” the unregistered , off-campus party involved students posing in basketball jerseys and flashing gang signs and drinking out of watermelon cups . jarrett maupin , an arizona civil rights activist , said the party antics were outrageous and offensive . baker previously said the group does not condone racist or discriminatory behavior .
and it keeps such tight control over its camps that information about them is extremely hard to come by , even in a world of omnipresent telephones and instant messaging . the stories they told were appalling . " i ' m infamous , a joke . yunioshi in breakfast at tiffany ' s , or in long duk dong from sixteen candles . i was worried that we were going to be treated to another clownish asian stereotype . for instance , consider korean pop star psy . ) his first of three albums sold 200,000 copies . his english was splintered , his accent snarled the words of ricky martin ' s " she bangs , " and it didn ' t seem as if he fully understood why the judges were laughing at him .
his attorneys said the department of homeland security , story_separator_special_tag daniel ramirez medina , 23 , who has no criminal record , was arrested along with his father despite having received protection under obama ’ s daca program us authorities have arrested an immigrant from mexico who was brought to the united states illegally as a child and later given a work permit during the obama administration in what could be the first detention of its kind under donald trump . “ice officers took mr. magistrate judge james donohue set a february 24 bond hearing for daniel ramirez medina , thereby extending for a week a case that has roiled pro-immigration groups .
it ’ s sponsored by the oregon house committee on revenue . when three tea ships , the dartmouth , the eleanor , and the beaver , arrived in boston harbor , the colonists demanded that the tea be returned to england . advertisement thanks for watching ! visit website crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . furthermore , cuts to state funding could trigger a reduction in federal funding , creating a much greater loss to programs . it ' s common early in a legislative session for lawmakers to propose a wide variety of ideas to see what might get traction , and with this year ' s budget gap , all sorts of new tax ideas are on the table .
" we believe that the future of starbucks in china is still very early . ( it ' s already no . schultz says it helps that starbucks is selling coffee , and not active in a more sensitive market . related : china ' s economy holds steady -- but for how long ? " his critics on wall street and elsewhere said starbucks " was never going to succeed in china , " he recalled . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to .
the headline read , “it ’ s high time barron trump starts dressing like he ’ s in the white house. on monday night , conservative news outlet the daily caller published a story attacking barron for the t-shirt and shorts he wore while boarding air force one on sunday . #stopchildhoodbullying ” thank you @chelseaclinton – so important to support all of our children in being themselves ! plus , early access to new arrivals , exclusive sales , and lots more ? trump , told the associated press . barron is the youngest son of donald trump and the only child the president shares with melania trump .
it ’ s our nation ’ s birthday . “we are committed to providing a welcoming atmosphere free of offensive symbols . this will include the request to refrain from displaying the confederate flag at our facilities and nascar events . daytona international speedway , site of sunday ' s race , is hosting a confederate flag exchange program for any fan who wants to turn in his or her confederate flag for an american flag . have a tip ? follow @nickbromberg story_separator_special_tag view photo . - - - - - - - nick bromberg is the editor of from the marbles on yahoo sports .
" the children were placed in foster homes . police determined the 8-year-old girl had been chained to a wall at times . the girl and the older boy were adopted children , and the younger boy is the biological son of one of the women , miller said . they were both arraigned in monterey county court on tuesday and are scheduled for a preliminary hearing on march 28. " it seems that authorities discovered them in the salinas , calif. investigators found little food inside the home , which was cluttered and dirty , according to reports .
“we find that the judge ’ s conduct , viewed in its totality and in light of all of its consequences , was so manifestly and profoundly destructive of story_separator_special_tag a judge who asked a sexual assault complainant why she couldn ' t keep her “knees together ” confirmed he will resign after the canadian judicial council recommended his removal . " justice camp ’ s lawyer frank addario had argued that removal was not necessary to preserve public confidence in this case . he attended in-depth counselling and education sessions with several feminist scholars , three of whom testified at his disciplinary hearing last fall ( attended daily by his wife and daughter ) that he was sincerely interested in changing .
nick ( ben affleck , left ) confers with his lawyer ( tyler perry ) about his missing wife in “gone girl , ” based on the best-selling novel by gillian flynn . photo she may be dead . 3 . not only brutal but also brutally funny , “gone girl ” mixes top-notch suspenseful storytelling with the kind of razor-edged wit that slashes so quick and clean you ’ re still watching the blade go past before you notice you ’ re bleeding . such is the substance of three new films , all derived from works by popular authors .
african giant pouched rats trained by the belgian non governmental organisation apopo are widely known for their work sniffing out landmines , and are now developing a reputation in east africa for their skill and speed at detecting tb too . that ' s where the rats come in . the vaccine was also found to be effective in fighting “aggressively growing ” tumours in mice , according to researchers , who were led by professor ugur sahin from johannes gutenberg university in germany rex 3/25 green tea could be used to treat brain issues caused by down ’ s syndrome a compound found in green tea could improve the cognitive abilities of those with down ’ s syndrome , a team of scientists has discovered .
( associated press ) this photo released by the national search and rescue agency ( basarnas ) of indonesia monday , aug. the treacherous terrain of forest-covered ridges hampered rescuers ' efforts to reach the site where the trigana air service atr 42-300 plane came down . there were 44 adult passengers , five children and infants and five crew on the short-haul flight from provincial capital jayapura south to oksibil . read more 17 , 2015. story_separator_special_tag jakarta all 54 people on board a trigana air aircraft were killed in a crash two days ago in indonesia ' s papua province , the latest in a string of aviation disasters in the southeast asian archipelago , officials said on tuesday .
” “there ’ s a kind of confidence to this convention i didn ’ t expect after all the hand-wringing in the lede-up , ” wrote the atlantic ’ s garance franke-ruta . remember when chris christie had to beg republican delegates to stand up ? — zarah ( @zarah____ ) september 5 , 2012 stomach still aching . it reveals who you are . not everyone agrees . one intelligent woman . last week , passion at the gop convo was less for romney and more against potus. share with us in the comments . on cnn , david gergen said , “enthusiasm in the hall is more palpable than the republican convention.
is now the seventh highest-grossing marvel movie , performing slightly below last year ' s avengers : age of ultron , which notched $ 372 million in its first three weeks and finished with $ 459 million in the usa . " ( disney-marvel ... " that was going to be a hard act to follow , no matter what , " dergarabedian says . " ( photo : rovio animation ) furious fowl ruled the roost at the weekend box office . final figures are expected monday . the 1970s noir comedy stars ryan gosling and russell crowe as mismatched detectives and has been embraced by critics ( 90 % positive reviews ) as well as moviegoers ( 84 % liked it ) .
that means the company can ' t claim to have the thinnest and lightest tablet , as it boasted last year with story_separator_special_tag but apps that haven ’ t been rewritten don ’ t benefit as much . and then apple actually announces the object behind all the fuss — in this particular sequel the latest ipad , which goes on sale friday . on the surface , the leap from the second-generation ipad to the third-generation would appear to be relatively modest . enlarge image close walter s. another big change is 4g lte . these upgrades are massive .
“he went on seeking extension of leave , which was not sanctioned , and defied directions to report to work , ” the government said in a statement on thursday . states , led by rajasthan and madhya pradesh , have recently changed the law to make it easier to hire and fire staff , in a move welcomed by industry leaders but opposed by labour unions . an inquiry was instituted against him in september , 1992 for major penalty for wilful absence from duty . mr. urban development minister m. the official , a.k .
north korea ' s nuclear capabilities do not yet match kim ' s boasts , experts say , since it is far from clear it could successfully deliver a nuclear weapon on one of its missiles . thawing relations with the south ? he said the north may send a team to the winter olympics in south korea . " we hope the two koreas will sit down and find a solution to lower tensions and establish peace on the korean peninsula . " south korea has been trying to reassure the rest of while his language against the us remained tough , mr kim did not employ his typically antagonistic tone when speaking about his neighbours in south korea .
" packaging makes a significant footprint , " he says , adding that three liters of water might be used to make a half-liter bottle . hogan says some companies say they don ' t think they can get any more efficient , but they ' re trying . enlarge this image toggle caption steven depolo/flickr steven depolo/flickr environmental activists have long claimed that bottled water is wasteful . hard alcohol , it turns out , is the greediest , guzzling 34.55 liters of water for every liter . " story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
madonna ’ s latest tour antics have done little to improve her reputation in the eyes of her more conservative critics – she flashed her story_separator_special_tag madonna has been acting like madonna performing a striptease during each of the shows on her mdna tour , so it ' s unsurprising that she got down to the bare essentials at a concert in hyde park . " but without incident . we pay our respects to those who survived and those who perished in the uprising . live nation australia confirmed the cancellation today , but had no further comment .
" china ' s condemnation of south korea ' s plans to deploy thaad has triggered protests against a south korean retail giant , lotte , which agreed to provide one of its golf courses in southern south korea as the site of thaad . the interceptor missile is fired at the enemy projectile 5. internationally , both china and russia have raised concerns , saying the system could affect the regional security balance . so why is china worried ? " we will definitely be taking necessary measures to safeguard our own security interest . opponents have staged multiple demonstrations .
drinking alcohol between the first menstrual period and first pregnancy was associated with risk of breast cancer and proliferative bbd , regardless of drinking after the first pregnancy . " it is crucial to put the 11 percent increased risk in perspective , said dr. previous studies have shown that alcohol consumed in the past year affects a woman ' s breast cancer risk . they answered questions on alcohol consumption in 1989 and were followed through 2009 to analyze their risk of breast cancer . louis . by kathleen doheny healthday reporter wednesday , aug. ying liu , an instructor of public health sciences at washington university school of medicine , in st.
trump didn ' t directly mention that vote , but did story_separator_special_tag president donald trump said that supreme court justice anthony kennedy made the decision to retire because “he felt confident in me to make the right choice and carry on his great legacy. who knows ? kevin cramer . heidi heitkamp in one of the gop ' s top opportunities to pick up a senate seat . ” trump has already contributed a young , conservative story_separator_special_tag amy coney barrett of indiana , u.s. court of appeals for the seventh circuit keith blackwell of georgia , supreme court of georgia charles canady of florida , supreme court of florida steven colloton of iowa , u.s. court of appeals for the eighth circuit allison eid of colorado , u.s. court of appeals for the tenth circuit britt grant of georgia , supreme court of georgia raymond gruender of missouri , u.s. court of appeals for the eighth circuit thomas hardiman of pennsylvania , u.s. court of appeals for the third circuit brett kavanaugh of maryland , u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit raymond kethledge of michigan , u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit joan larsen of michigan , u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit mike lee of utah , united states senator thomas lee of utah , supreme court of utah edward mansfield of iowa , supreme court of iowa federico moreno of florida , u.s. district court for the southern district of florida kevin newsom of alabama , u.s. court of appeals for the eleventh circuit william pryor of alabama , u.s. court of appeals for the eleventh circuit margaret ryan of virginia , u.s. court of appeals for the armed forces david stras of minnesota , u.s. court of appeals for the eighth circuit diane sykes of wisconsin , u.s. court of appeals for the seventh circuit amul thapar of kentucky , u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit timothy tymkovich of colorado story_separator_special_tag “heidi will vote no to any pick we make for the supreme court , ” president donald trump said in north dakota .
the democratic national committee contacted the fbi on tuesday after it detected what it believes was the beginning of a sophisticated attempt to hack into its voter database , a democratic source tells cnn . read more “this attempt is further proof that there are constant threats as we head into midterm elections , and we must remain vigilant in order to prevent future attacks , ” said bob lord , chief security officer for the democratic national committee . ahead of the midterms , political groups and government organizations have been on high alert for new hacks and foreign meddling .
" margarita moncada , the head of the disaster response agency in antioquia state , said that according to a preliminary report 99 people were rescued and another 40 managed to find a way to shore on their own and were in good condition . a flotilla of recreational boats and jet skis rushed to the scene , pulling people from the boat as it went down and avoiding an even deadlier tragedy . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . next he went to the hospital where he said he saw a baby girl in a wet dress who had been saved but whose mother he was told is missing .
" port officials hoped to resume maritime operations thursday " and that port workers will be allowed to get to their jobs without incident . police said later that they were concerned that the flames endangered residents in the area along with the 500 or so people on the street . 3 , 2011 , in oakland , calif. " the street clashes - which hospitalized three protesters and left several officers with minor injuries - happened near occupy oakland ' s tent city in frank ogawa plaza at 14th street and broadway , which had been the center of wednesday ' s general strike .
that added more time to the sentence he was serving for the rape and abduction conviction that was thrown out monday . " i ' m free , " he said . gonzalez has maintained his innocence for decades , potkin said . but he was not freed right away because he still had a property damage conviction on his record , stemming from an incident in which he broke a sink while in solitary confinement in prison , his lawyers said . everything is moving so fast . at about 7 p.m. barry scheck , co-founder and co-director of the new york group , said gonzalez voiced sympathy for the victim and said he hoped that the perpetrators would be caught .
who is colonel chepiga ? president putin claimed boshirov was a civilian , and on russian tv , he himself said he visited salisbury as a tourist . russia does not extradite its own nationals . bellingcat has been able to confirm the actual identity of one of the two officers . both men returned to moscow on the same day . anatoliy chepiga graduated the academy with honors in 2001. " ex-russian spy sergei skripal - who sold secrets to mi6 - and his daughter yulia were poisoned with novichok on 4 march . it is only given to a handful of people each year .
she ' s convinced her husband was murdered , her daughter has gone blind , her pre-teen son hates her and , after hearing mysterious , demonic voices on a tape recording and finding an odd wound on her body , she ' s convinced she was abducted , too . written and directed by olatunde osunsanmi . " every scene in this movie is supported by archived footage , " jovovich intones in a performance so deadpan you want to occasionally check for a pulse . paranormal found its audience , while the fourth kind , despite its periodic strengths , does its very best to take the viewer out of the material rather than immersing one in the story .
! ! mcgill , r-woodville , said tuesday that her wife ' s frustrations " kind of built up from even the campaign , " in 2010 , when mcgill ran against and defeated then-sen. you know who you are . i boldly stand before you today and declare that i will stand beside my husband , support him , love him , and protect him at all cost ! update : in a follow-up interview just posted to al.com , sen. lowell barron , d-fyffe . ( he did , jokingly , say they were there due to " car trouble.
but all six will be eligible to play in the sugar , ncaa vice president of academic and membership affairs said in the ncaa news release announcing the sanctions . adams must repay $ 1,000 there are allowances for that , he said . ( associated press ) file - this nov. obviously , it ' s painful . " we as coaches feel the buck stops here , " coach jim tressel said . pryor must repay $ 2,500 for selling his 2008 big ten championship ring , fiesta bowl sportsmanship award and his 2008 gold pants , a trinket given to players who are a part of a team which beats rival michigan .
where ariel castro held three women thursday , aug. three months after an ohio woman kicked out part of a door to end nearly a decade of captivity , ... house are shown on a television monitor during the sentencing phase of ariel castro thursday , aug. they felt they knew him . " you ' re too dangerous . now , your hell is just beginning . well , he used his children . 1 , 2013 , in cleveland . story_separator_special_tag ariel castro has been sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years for abducting three women in cleveland and subjecting them to unspeakable torture for over a decade .
bin laden ’ s three wives are now confined to a rented house in islamabad . 19 that , as an account of that frantic period , contains manifest flaws : ms. in washington , united states officials said that while they could not confirm every detail of the report , it appeared generally consistent with what is known and believed about bin laden ’ s movements . other senior qaeda figures were also in karachi , a sprawling city of up to 18 million people . mr. the sept. fateh ’ s in yemen claimed that she was being held in a basement .
( cbs atlanta ) — the average american woman now weighs as much as the average american man weighed in 1960. at 195.5 pounds , put five american guys in a room and you ' ve gathered roughly half a ton of manhood . the study concludes that " tackling population fatness may be critical to world food security and ecological sustainability . but boy , those donuts sure do look delicious . to add up to one ton of total mass , it takes 20 bangladeshis but only 12.2 americans . the cdc data shows that both sexes have gained almost an inch in height from the 1960s , which factors into some of the overall weight gain .
authorities will be relying heavily on noah ' s exact cause of death . you can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles , or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information . noah thomas went missing from his home on sunday and his body was found shortly after 1 p.m. thursday near his family ' s home . somebody ' s going to pay . the fbi is on scene to provide forensic support . ( photo : pulaski county sheriff ' s office ) dublin , va.
" according to the store ' s managers , however , siri may have been tricked by a group of pranksters into thinking the rude phrase was in fact the name of its owner . " cnet ' s chris matyszczyk offered a tongue-in-cheek explanation for the outburst : that siri had lost patience answering mundane questions and had " finally lost her temper . ) what lurks within siri ' s temperamental soul ? s*** that siri says is a whole blog devoted to the a.i . compost . pumice . silt . gravel . ( yes , i know she puts on a man ' s voice in the u.k.
maliki and mr. shiite leaders from the fadhila party and the devout supreme islamic iraqi council met late friday night to discuss the political story_separator_special_tag baghdad - a coalition of shiite political blocs chose prime minister nouri al-maliki as its candidate for iraq ' s top government job on friday afternoon - a step that could break a months-long standoff over who will govern the country . maliki ’ s re-election . " he needs to deal . sadr , in no small part maliki said in televised remarks . maliki ’ s success reflected his tenacity — tinged with authoritarianism — to retain power , despite widespread opposition to his leadership .
" i could not believe he was saying that , and i wish i had it recorded because the man did say this . knowledge of trump ' s pledge to baldridge comes amid the ongoing flap about how presidents handle condolence calls to families of those killed in action and trump ' s feud with a democratic congresswoman over his call with the widow of sgt . as stated earlier the check has been sent , " the spokesperson said . " she knows it . kelly , a retired four-star marine general , was a lieutenant general at the time .
he said allie was diagnosed with cushing ' s disease more than a year ago and a veterinarian offered to euthanize her . i was not ready . “i gave my full testimony of what happened ‘this is what happened folks , i didn ’ t do anything wrong here and you ’ ve got to know the truth ` , ” whalen said . © 2017 wvec-tv story_separator_special_tag close get email notifications on stacy parker daily ! she was still having fun . whalen told 13news now that the sight was too painful to witness , so he shot her .
in the film , erica kinsman accuses winston of committing sexual assault during his time on the football team at florida state university , a claim his lawyer says is defamatory . when documentaries bring to light uncomfortable truths about powerful people and institutions , it ’ s not unusual for them to wage aggressive campaigns to silence their critics . ” ms. mr. the harvard law investigation and adjudication on april 18 , 2011 , willingham filed a complaint with the administrative board of harvard law school , alleging that winston violated the law school ’ s policy and guidelines related to sexual harassment .
hunter claims that when he learned of longtime weatherman johnny mountain ' s departure from kcbs in 2010 , he reached out to inform the station of his interest in applying for the position . her past clients include sharon bialek , the woman who accused presidential hopeful herman cain of sexual harassment , and adult film actress ginger lee , who had exchanged explicit emails with rep. " kcal does not have a facebook page . a spokesman for cbs said : ' the complain is frivolous and based on misstatements of fact . ' it appears instead that they only want attractive young women , and only attractive young women , broadcasting the weather .
this product is currently out of stock story_separator_special_tag scottish distilleries are in shock after a japanese single malt was named the best whisky in the world . but whisky-lovers may need to be quick . ” he praised praised the yamazaki ’ s “nose of exquisite boldness ” and finish of “light , teasing spice ” . to add insult to injury it is the first time in the whisky bible ’ s 12-year history that a scottish malt has failed to make the top five drams . after personally tasting nearly 1,000 whiskies , mr murray said scottish distilleries were in danger of churning out drab or mediocre malts and said it was time for “a little dose of humility ” from the northern whisky makers so they could “realised something is missing.
but as a movie , it ’ s too late . whether it ' s " the hunger games " or " divergent " or now " the giver , " one would surmise that we are heading toward a dystopian future in which various of our freedoms will be curtailed or taken away completely . the movie version , adapted by screenwriters michael mitnick and robert weide , puts those concerns to rest . ( jayne w. its world of children learning what their “perfect ” society had lost was both archetypal yet new . brenton thwaites in a scene from “the giver.
arlie gentry , a passenger who arrived on a flight from new york via baltimore , said the southwest airlines plane he was on landed just before 6 : 30 p.m. ____ associated press writers david fischer in miami and lisa j. hartley said one of the packages " had some destructive nature that it had to be taken offsite " but he did not elaborate . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . adams in atlanta contributed to this report . " the pilots couldn ' t initially tell the passengers why , claiming they didn ' t know themselves , gentry said .
" whatever it is , saikia described it as a " highly aggressive spider " that " leaps at anything that comes close , " citing victims who said it " latched onto them after biting . the festive mood soon turned into one of panic with people bumping into each other and tripping over empty benches in their frantic bid to egress . most of the inhabitants of chaulkhowa nagaon village had been to a bihu function . yet the spider menace continued . dr. and the district administration panicked . what ' s worse : they even let the two bodies to be cremated without conducting any autopsy .
story_separator_special_tag media caption the bbc ' s mark doyle reports from the mali capital bamako , where he is one of the few correspondents on the ground islamist fighters in mali have seized a town in government-controlled territory , though france said the islamists were " in retreat " elsewhere . 13 , 2013. american special forces trained its troops in marksmanship , aid workers said many people had been fleeing areas targeted by french air strikes over the past four days . france has ordered tightened security in public buildings and transport following action against radical islamists both in mali ...
in fact , the california researcher who ’ s faced with naming this unclassified species living in the depths of monterey bay is considering a title that conveys its adorableness . " these animals are part of the greater ocean ecosystem , " bush said . “it involves publishing papers , collecting specimens and distributing them to museums around the country , ” explains mbari spokesperson kim fulton-bennett . nobody knows quite yet ! **disclaimer** from dr. the wee octopus is known for the distinctive webbing between its tentacles , which allows it to float like a parachute while using the fins on its mantle to steer .
' " eckart said , " that ' s the answer . and the indiana senator was comparing his years in congress to those of kennedy . clinton ’ s speech capped the democratic national convention in philadelphia , where she made history as the first female presidential nominee of a major party . mothers who lost children to violence and are building a movement to keep other kids safe ? she criticized him for manufacturing some of his many branded products in overseas factories , with a slightly stilted punch line : “donald trump says he wants to make america great again .
investigators from johns creek , the federal bureau of investigation and the georgia bureau of investigation discovered that aslam had bought the cell phone that sent the text , and that no one else had handled the phone . story_separator_special_tag this post was contributed by a community member . aslam told police he left home for personal reasons . aftab m. a johns creek man originally reported to be kidnapped april 27 returned to his morton crossing home unharmed sunday evening around 9. anyone who has had contact with aslam or has any information regarding his whereabouts should contact det .
analyst : search area is " the place they had to look " a metal object that washed ashore on australia ' s coast wasn ' t from malaysia airlines flight 370 , officials said . replay more videos ... 04 : 35 bad weather grounded planes searching for signs of debris on wednesday . but the batteries powering those signals are now dead . must watch bajc : there ' s no evidence mh370 crashed 02 : 14 just watched mh370 : what ' s next in the search ? possible promising leads have turned out to be false alarms for weeks in the lengthy search for the missing plane , which disappeared mid-flight on march 8 with 239 people aboard .
floresiensis are more likely between 100,000 and 60,000 years old , and their stone tools date from as far back as 190,000 years to around 50,000 years ago . photos : excavation of a hobbit cave play video what did ancient humans really eat ? one is the tiny elephant relative , pygmy stegodon , might have been hunted to death , leading to a devastating chain reaction . older deposits in certain sections of the cave had eroded away , creating a steep slope near the entrance that became filled in with younger sediments , which caused the original misinterpretation .
the nfl will go back to using roman numerals for super bowl li in houston in 2017. " up until that point , we had only worked with x ' s , v ' s and i ' s . as part of the final testing of the logos , including how the gold would play , the league looked at them on wilson game footballs and even painted a logo on the playing surface at candlestick park last week . roman numerals have been used since super bowl v. and , at that moment , that ' s when we started to wonder what will happen when we get to 50 ?
was to secretly profit from his position as state senator , " the indictment alleges . and he violated that duty by accepting bribes and kickbacks in exchange for his official action. “we believe mr. sign up for more newsletters here “brian joyce represented over 100,000 massachusetts citizens in the state legislature , ’ ’ weinreb said at a morning press conference . ( elise amendola/ap ) " defendant joyce ' s objective ... then-state sen. get metro headlines in your inbox : the 10 top local news stories from metro boston and around new england delivered daily .
thompson noticed her son was unresponsive in her arms , ” the lawsuit states . three days later , jacob was taken to a nursery so thompson could recover and be discharged from the hospital . a 2014 study in the journal of perinatology catalogued the deaths of 15 healthy infants while sharing beds with their mothers in u.s. maternity wards . ” the suit also seeks compensation for monica thompson ’ s counseling expenses for depression and post traumatic stress disorder . “ ... he was born by caesarean section on aug. when no nurse came to help , mrs.
yawning frequency reduced when temperatures were around 37 ° c in arizona ' s summer and also in the freezing depths of the vienna winter . you ' re actually yawning because your brain is too hot . consequently , yawning should be constrained to an optimal thermal zone or range of temperature , i.e. new research by a team of researchers led by psychologist andrew gallup of suny college at oneonta , usa now reveals that yawning cools the brain . ultimately , it appears that yawning is related to regulating brain temperature and creating a state where arousal in a yawner can be achieved .
when women ' s march co-founder tamika mallory was asked : " people are going to say , wait a minute , there ’ s a man as the headliner at the women ’ s convention , the first women ’ s convention in 40 years ? story_separator_special_tag sen. your work is not unknown . “reclaiming our time. bernie sanders ( i-vt. thank you . 13 . i stand with the denver teachers who have voted to strike for the fi 21 , 2017 . a collection of web sites produced by the academic units of grand valley state university .
( who-dt ) police rushed rachel kohnen to a nearby hospital once they realized she was in labor . " i think i was screaming , ' oh dear god , we can ' t have the baby in the car , ' " said the mother of four . the officer called for backup , and police laid tire spikes on the road to stop them . click here to watch video . they drove at 85 mph in a 55 mph zone , police said . ben and rachel kohnen were heading to the hospital in fort dodge at about 4 : 00 a.m. tuesday morning .
peter ' s square to protest the vatican ' s opposition to gay marriage . french catholic bishops and other religious leaders have strongly opposed the proposal , and the vatican has backed them . ( ap photo/alessandra ... screaming " homophobes shut up " as the pope started his angelus blessing , they provoked angry reactions from pilgrims in st. 13 , 2013 . the vatican paper l ' osservatore romano published a response to an italian court ' s rejection of an appeal by a father who feared his son would not have a balanced upbringing if he lived with his mother and her female partner .
— travel - state dept ( @travelgov ) march 30 , 2016 but eventually , it gave up and took down the offending tweet , with a two-part apology : some have been offended by our earlier tweet and we apologize that it came off negatively 1/2 — travel - state dept ( @travelgov ) march 30 , 2016 " do better . then not a 10 overseas . ” the department ’ s bureau of consular affairs asked , apparently referring to a rating of physical attractiveness . this can happen to anyone unfortunately . — breakthrough u.s.
the spokesman said farabi had confessed to threatening to kill blogger avijit roy . ziaul ahsan of bangladesh ' s elite anti-crime unit , the rapid action battalion . roy ' s killing comes amid a crackdown on hardline islamist groups , which have increased activities in recent years in the south asian nation . roy , an engineer of bangladeshi origin , was killed by machete-wielding assailants on thursday while returning from a book fair . " read more his wife and fellow blogger rafida ahmed suffered head injuries and lost a finger . she remains in hospital .
caitlin hayden , spokeswoman for the national security council , said friday a directive signed by president barack obama last year calls for government cyber tools to be " integrated with the full array of national security tools we have at our disposal . — it was leonore annenberg ’ s wish that the sumptuous winter home that she and her billionaire husband , walter h. yet gen. mr. patrick chovanec , chief strategist at silvercrest asset management , joins moneybeat . they were due to hold more talks in the morning , before winding up the summit around midday saturday .
and it resulted in a huge crash that lost us the most jobs since the 1930s , " obama said of a push for less financial regulation and lower taxes . santorum ' s theories . " the president reportedly raised objections to brewer ' s description of their meeting in june , 2010 , when he met her wednesday . ( image credit : haraz n. romney or mr. no . " abc news ' diane sawyer asked obama during an exclusive interview in las vegas . " people become eligible for food stamps . " too relaxed .
" i am deeply sorry for the actions that i took on the night of april 8 , 1988 , as well as for any lasting damage that i may have caused the victims , " wahlberg wrote in his pardon application . radaronline.com has learned that mark wahlberg ’ s wife is happy he ’ s getting ready to go bald for cancer charity one mission — because she thinks he looks like “an old harry ” styles ! the request was first reported thursday by necn . he was charged with assault and battery with a dangerous weapon and possession of a controlled substance , and served 45 days of a 90-day sentence at the deer island house of correction .
’ s biggest chocolate maker , and nestle over the swiss company ’ s 2010 application to trademark the four-fingered chocolate bar , which brought in 40 million pounds ( $ 61.7 million ) a year between 2008 and 2010 in the u.k. cadbury separately is fighting an eu trademark nestle got for the shape of its chocolate bar in 2006 in a case that ’ s been pending in a lower eu court since 2013. ” mondelez international inc. cadbury uk ltd. she said nestle had experience of trying to register difficult marks . the judges concluded this was difficult to prove if goods also showed a brand name such as kitkat .
reuters/jim bourg china ' s president xi jinping ( l ) speaks with turkey ' s president tayyip erdogan ( r ) during the during first plenary session of the nuclear security summit in washington april 1 , 2016. " it would change our world . south america had already achieved this , and central europe and south east asia were expected to do so later this year . related : obama , world leaders discuss keeping nuclear weapons from isis over the past two days , 50 world leaders have huddled on the best ways to keep terrorists from gathering materials for a dirty bomb and keeping nuclear weapons away from dangerous political regimes .
“it was totally a joke , but i was sorry i had made that joke because people misconstrued it. watch what happens live matt lauer ' s most annoying habit katie couric dishes some dirt on matt lauer on ' plead the fifth . “a lot of nbc executives have those buttons that open and close doors . follow wwhl : https://twitter.com/bravowwhl like wwhl : https://www.facebook.com/watchwhathap ... ” the former yahoo ! past guests who have joined cohen in the bravo clubhouse include sarah jessica parker , tina fey , khloe kardashian , jennifer lopez , liam neeson , kelly ripa , jimmy fallon , anderson cooper , jennifer lawrence , and lance bass .
” what he feels the universe owes him is more or less what a teenage boy raised on “entourage , ” grand theft auto and the oeuvre of michael bay might demand , though , since “pain &amp; gain ” is set in 1995 , not all of those inspirations are available to daniel . story_separator_special_tag at least wahlberg is matched by guys who can punch his weight . why choose ? mr. collins ’ s deadpan chronicle of idiotic criminality and sloppy police work . adrian and paul have dreams of their own .
gaya/kolkata : a japanese girl was allegedly confined and raped by a duo in bihar ' s gaya with the accused having been arrested on friday by a joint team of kolkata and gaya police . she has been studying life in rural india for some time , singh said . trafficked at buddhist holy site " one of the men spoke very fluent japanese , " he said . increasing numbers of rape cases are being reported and highlighted in india , prompting widespread outrage . they say an organised gang is suspected of targeting single women tourists .
in may 2017 , sombra discovered another shipment heading story_separator_special_tag a police sniffer dog who has found record amounts of illegal drugs has been moved from her post after one of colombia ' s biggest drug gangs put a bounty on her head . but the threat is serious enough for the national police to take extra precautions for sombra ’ s security . reports vary on the price tag for killing the dog , between 20 and 200 million colombian pesos — or about $ 7,000 and $ 70,000 in u.s. currency . bogotá ’ s el dorado is considered safer because it is outside the area of the gang ’ s influence .
” tuesday , zianna said she watched coverage of the police shooting and the protests on the news with her mother , precious oliphant " i was kind of emotional , because , like , the things that i said is like powerful to me . david t. " it ’ s not hate . 26 , 2016. newly released video appears to support claims that scott was not behaving in a threatening manner in the moments leading up to his death . related : bomb scare shuts down charlotte police headquarters play facebook twitter embed zianna oliphant explains tearful plea to charlotte leaders 1 : 01 police say scott was armed .
” soon after , o ’ rourke , whose punk-rock roots would later be rehashed by the cruz campaign , shed his button-down for a black t-shirt and guitar and joined nelson and the rest of his band on stage for spirited renditions of “roll me up and smoke me when i die ” and “will the circle be unbroken ” to close out the show . this is a real shame you support him. 29 at auditorium shores . williams posted on facebook . 12 , but bridges confirmed on sept. on a muggy fourth of july night just outside austin , rep.
" a day after the ilo , a united nations agency , lifted its more than decade-old restrictions on myanmar in recognition of progress including a new law on trade unions and pledge to end forced labour , suu kyi said foreign direct investment that created jobs should be welcomed . the hugely popular leader of myanmar ' s opposition had been fearful until now that if she left myanmar , the junta whose rule she fought against for two decades would block her return . " quite frankly none of us know what ' s in those contracts , this is what i mean by lack of transparency in the country , " suu kyi told a news conference .
, was arrested on charges of domestic battery on a person 65 or older , tampering with a witness and false imprisonment . he told deputies his girlfriend started the fight " because she is crazy . the woman told investigators that benes was trying to “exorcise her and get the devil out of her ” against her will . he remained in the land o ' lakes jail wednesday without bail . the affidavit does not describe why benes believed an exorcism was warranted . it was unclear who contacted authorities , but deputies found benes ' girlfriend sitting outside the home crying .
" cacciatore said one story_separator_special_tag arizona ' s ban on abortions starting at 20 weeks of pregnancy is poised to take effect this week as scheduled after a federal judge ruled monday that the new law is constitutional . that law would bar public funding for non-abortion health care provided by abortion doctors and clinics . in other states with similar abortion restrictions , most of the programs for families continuing with a difficult pregnancy are hospital- or hospice-based . republican gov . " we are already stretched very , very thin . the two organizations that offer such help , miss foundation and embrace , provide counseling and comfort , help develop birth plans , attend births , organize meals , create mementos , make funeral arrangements and prepare families for every outcome .
consequently , it would be illegal to participate in a blockchain-based systems as soon as it contains illegal content , ” the researchers wrote . the issue of child sexual abuse material is even more politically and legally sensitive . bitcoin prices recovered above $ 9,000 after regulators had " productive " discussions on cryptocurrency at a g-20 meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors in buenos aires , argentina , on tuesday . “since all blockchain data is downloaded and persistently stored by users , they are liable for any objectionable content added to the blockchain by others .
riess is possibly hiding out in texas , according to the lee county sheriff ' s office . riess is wanted in florida for murder , grand theft of a motor vehicle and grand theft and criminal use of personal identification . authorities don ' t believe the women ... © copyright 2018 wbbh/wzvn ( waterman broadcasting ) . hutchinson was targeted by the suspect due to the similarities in their appearance . her current whereabouts are unknown . all rights reserved . " ms. in march . " riess is believed to be driving hutchinson ' s car , a white acura tl with florida license plate y37taa .
“it ’ s extremely unlikely , ” he said . one likely reason for the current speculation about gore is that clinton is facing new iterations of email-gate , flagging poll numbers and still-surging bernie sanders-mania , despite a conviction among many democratic strategists that sanders is not electable . ” the senior democrat and other sources cautioned not to overstate gore ’ s interest . a member of gore ’ s inner circle asked to be quoted “pouring lukewarm water ” — not , note , cold water — on the chatter . ) gore has stayed entirely out of presidential politics since he won the popular vote but lost the white house 15 years ago .
image copyright thinkstock women who have had their appendix or tonsils removed appear to be more fertile , a 15-year study suggests . there were 29,732 ( 54.4 % ) , 60,078 ( 53.4 % ) , and 6,169 ( 59.7 % ) pregnancies in the appendectomy-only , tonsillectomy-only , and both appendectomy tonsillectomy cohorts , respectively versus 155,079 ( 43.7 % ) in the comparator cohort during a mean follow-up of 14.7 ± 9.7 years . what we have to establish now is exactly why that is the case. if you have and you ' re a woman , you probably weren ' t told that the surgery may have increased your chances of having a baby .
also on his mind is playing for no money at all at the ryder cup . bush , bill clinton and barack obama , the latter both in and out of office . -- tiger woods did his best to stay clear of controversy sunday when he was asked after the final round of the northern trust about his relationship with president donald trump . like we ' ve had dinner together . ( ap photo/mel evans ) ( associated press ) paramus , n.j. " like i said yesterday , i ' m a man on a mission right now — two missions , actually , " dechambeau said after a four-shot victory in the opening fedex cup playoff event .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . learn more story_separator_special_tag obama says because of ferguson &amp; eric garner there is " growing awareness " that law enforcement not always applied in " colorblind fashion " you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
over the weekend , james cameron successfully made it to the the bottom of the mariana trench — the deepest point on earth . i couldn ’ t go any further — i was just spinning in a circle. the tiniest of electrical faults or sparks , and that o2 would have had a fire burning hard and fast . the 57-year-old described diving to a depth of nearly 7 miles in the 12-ton deepsea challenger as a “heckuva ride ” after resurfacing in the pacific ocean , 300 miles southwest of guam , on monday morning .
story_separator_special_tag the pentagon ' s official twitter account retweeted a tweet saying president trump should resign , a move that was made " erroneously , " according to the department of defense ' s chief spokesperson . learn more — dana w. al franken and mr. pentagon spokesman col. ” he added that “the operator caught this error and immediately deleted it. the @proudresister account also links to a website selling anti-trump collectibles such as t-shirts . gop : stop making sexual assault a partisan issue . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
a recent obituary posted on social media caught our eye and we knew we had to share her story with you . one of those letters kenwood says he ' ll never let go of . ” • “if a possum takes up residence in your shed , grab a barbecue brush to coax him out . it ' s of a remarkable milwaukee woman who is being remembered for her life devoted to others.mary agnes mullaney , better known as " pink " was born in milwaukee in 1927. [ h/t ted perry ] but do not tear off the mailing label .
clifford knight is charged with third-degree assault and disorder conduct . the fight happened saturday at around 8 p.m. at the royal buffet at 410 west middle turnpike , according to police . they are both expected in court on april 14. clifford knight was released on a $ 5,000 non-surety bond and lataya knight was released on a $ 2,500 non-surety bond . this story has been updated to reflect this . his mother used pepper spray on his assailant in an attempt to keep her son from being assaulted further and wasn ’ t facing any charges because it was self-defense .
body dysmorphia is a mental health condition where people feel unduly worried about the way they look , and the authors wrote that snapchat and instagram filters were " altering people ’ s perception of beauty worldwide . published in final edited form as : pmcid : pmc2361388 nihmsid : nihms37504 pmid : 18449358 suicidality in body dysmorphic disorder , md katharine a. patients may seek surgery hoping to look better in selfies and social media . phillips dr. these findings underscore the importance of recognizing and effectively treating bdd . a little adjusting on facetune can smoothen out skin , and make teeth look whiter and eyes and lips bigger .
there are several wwii russian submarine shipwrecks in the baltic sea , that isn ' t unusual . german maritime expert thomas dehling has an eye on shipwrecks and sunken objects - and their exact positions . “the baltic wine we analyzed contained at least 140 grams of sugar per liter , as compared to about 6 to 8 grams per liter used today. but there ' s a map on your website ? scattered amongst the wreckage 160 feet below the surface , they discovered a treasure sent from dionysus himself — 168 bottles of french bubbly that had aged in near perfect conditions for decades .
under pressure over its longstanding ban on gays , the boys scouts of america is proposing to lift the ban for youth members but continue to exclude gays as adult leaders . some churches and conservative groups want it maintained . there are more than 2.6 million youth scouts and 1 million adults , with faith-based groups sponsoring 70 percent of scout units . " the general feeling is that this is a bad move , " which could precipitate a major crisis , a.j . long study before compromise smith said a parents in three of four u.s. regions opposed the current membership policy .
" what you ' re doing is you ' re trying to find a company that is trading for less than it ' s really worth . " combined with his incomes as a writer for fantasy sports websites and a host on satellite radio , dinkmeyer says he can live out this sports fantasy for the long haul . ... and now we may be at a tipping point . to order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues , clients or customers , use the order reprints tool at the bottom of any article or visit www.djreprints.com story_separator_special_tag quitting your job for fantasy football toggle caption istockphoto.com you may just call it late summer ; for many die-hard sports fans , it ' s called fantasy football drafting season .
the sketch was amusing in its dedication to coming up with bizarre sponsors for limbaugh ’ s show ( “depends for racists , ” anyone ? those are defined as environments likely to stir negative sentiment from a very small percentage of the listening public . hey-o ! advertisers have dropped their ads from limbaugh ' s show in the wake of his misogynistic attacks on sandra fluke . tips@mediaite.com story_separator_special_tag march 10 , 2012 10 : 54 am et by mmfa staff radio-info.com reported on friday that 98 advertisers have told premiere radio networks , which syndicates rush limbaugh ' s radio show , that they want to avoid advertising on limbaugh ' s show and other programs with content " deemed to be offensive or controversial " : the list includes carmakers ( ford , gm , toyota ) , insurance companies ( allstate , geico , prudential , state farm ) and restaurants ( mcdonald ' s , subway ) .
it ' s been a slice , nook 3g . we have no " hard evidence " to prove some change is coming to the nook line , and barnes &amp; noble doesn ' t comment on rumors . [ engadget ] but to be clear , that ' s just speculation . engadget claims that barnes &amp; noble is phasing out the 3g nook . however , this latest story was written by veteran engadget reporter darren murph , so we ' re taking it more seriously . gone baby gone ? the fact is , amazon offers both a 3g/wi-fi kindle and wi-fi-only kindle , and barnes &amp; noble would most likely continue to offer models that compete with what amazon ' s got .
" we kind of just said , ' if it ' s meant to be , it ' ll be. f*** you . story_separator_special_tag get ready for one more member of the extended kardashian family to keep up with ! you filmed it for us and showed us the placenta and now you want some privacy ? 31 , citing irreconcilable differences.their troubles flared almost immediately and were on display in the season premiere of kourtney &amp; kim take manhattan . to tell him the positive results . ) , around 7.a.m . " you ' re supposed to wait 12 weeks to tell people , but i feel confident .
gilstrap-portley had enrolled at skyline high school in august and re-enrolled at hillcrest two months later , wfaa confirmed . " he was always respectful to me . " " we believe it is absolutely essential that every young person , especially in times of great difficulty , feels safe and secure , and that was the guiding principle when we were welcoming students displaced by the hurricane , " bayer said . the last day he showed up to class was april 25 , the district said . dallas hillcrest was led by 6 ’ 2 guard 🌡📈🎒💉rashun richardson 34 points 15 rebounds #chrisboshshootout coaches he gave the #1 team in the nation a 40🏀 in 3 quarters a few weeks ago !
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . the duke of wellington appeared on £ 5 notes from 1971 to 1991. churchill will be pictured alongside a view of westminster with big ben showing 3 o ’ clock – the approximate time on 13 may 1940 when churchill declared in a speech : “i have nothing to offer but blood , toil , tears and sweat. more than 30 countries already use polymer notes , including new zealand , canada , fiji , mauritius and mexico .
it ’ s a new kind of company , the likes of which the american economy has never before seen and is legislatively ill-prepared for . or its affiliates story_separator_special_tag who delivers amazon orders ? ingenuity alone doesn ’ t account for amazon ’ s dominant position . strip amazon to its most familiar elements , and it ’ s a devilishly simple everything-store with limitless stuff-supply . a veteran one driver attended an optional hour-long training at an fc . just a non-photo id badge . opportunities available 7 days a week . others wait over a month .
there men were arrested in charged in connection with the murder of reiss , gerjuan jackson , kenley campbell and darril rankin jr. maier was taken to a local hospital , where he died on friday . we are sending our thoughts and prayers to kenneth ’ s family and friends . jackson initially knew reiss as a fema contractor . 12 deaths at senior facility after hurricane irma ruled homicide reiss previously sold jackson a pair of handguns , police said . sign up for breaking news emails privacy policy thanks for subscribing ! “oh my god .
, according to a medical examiner ' s report . peterson was staying on the 2700 block of west clybourn street in milwaukee and was found by a friend laying face down on a floor . " " we ' re kind of the last responders , " he said . my prayers go out to brian and his family at this time . http://on.jsonl.in/2d3dbpy more story_separator_special_tag seventy deaths in seven weeks drive unprecedented drug toll . u.s. sen. peterson is the son of dr. if you or someone you love is struggling with addiction , contact impact at 866-211-3380.
media playback is unsupported on your device media caption the conduct of the trial has been described as " unprecedented " , the bbc ' s orla guerin reports the un human rights commissioner has condemned an egyptian court ' s decision to sentence to death 528 supporters of ousted president mohammed morsi . ” the u.s. state department said it “defies logic ” that so many defendants tear gas was fired at the students after they blocked a main road , threw stones and set an armoured police vehicle on fire . later , security forces clashed with hundreds of minya university students protesting against the trials .
” mr. ” favorite movie : a self-described “huge movie buff , ” cruz says his favorite movie is 1987 ’ s “the princess bride. the first-term texas senator led the republican charge against obamacare that resulted in a 16-day government shutdown and ignited the passions of millions . but for someone who has wielded so much influence in such little time , most people know very little about cruz as a person . patinkin said last week when reached by phone at his home in new york ’ s hudson valley . you killed my father .
" obama explained to leno that the president ' s performance at harlem ' s apollo theater was " completely spontaneous " and that she " didn ' t even hear about it until it got on youtube . 12 , 2011 file photo first lady michelle obama listens during a visit to ma ’ o organic farms in waianae , hawaii . he did . no . " running with the theme of healthy eating , obama brought leno a series of nutritious snacks , including apples and honey . a beautiful song . i think barack and i , our motto is , we try to do the best job that we can do every single day .
the jury was made up of six white women , who decided to convict gates after two hours of deliberation , which included re-watching the video of gates kicking dixon , but being denied by the judge testimony records regarding whether gates testified that he did kick dixon . “she told me that she was excited to see him and next thing she knows she was kicked in the chest and she was passed out , ” irelan told news channel 8. the trial lasted one day . polk county , fla. stay tuned as more information comes in .
story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
according to a summary of the book on amazon.com , mason " shares never before revealed media bias , and enough case secrets to make readers re-examine their conscience and the quick path to judgment and personal conviction of anthony . i didn ' t know baez . the country fell in love with her precious daughter , caylee , who had gone missing in orlando , florida . apavuk@tribune.com or 407-420-5735 she lied about working at universal studios . " it ' s not a book solely about casey , by any means . anthony suddenly became the most hated woman in america .
the couple ' s children , lucie arnaz and desi arnaz jr. jenna block will oversee the project for escape artists . she ’ s repped by caa and rgm artists . he also just wrote the script for molly ' s game for sony . story_separator_special_tag escape artists may have some ' splainin ' to do . a source tells e ! demille award in 1979. the film will center on the life of the iconic actress , who starred on tv sitcoms i love lucy , the lucy – desi comedy hour , the lucy show , here ' s lucy and life with lucy .
as far back as 2014 , the obama white house began to pressure federal prosecutors to slow-walk story_separator_special_tag when president barack obama announced the “one-time gesture ” of releasing iranian-born prisoners who “were not charged with terrorism or any violent offenses ” last year , his administration presented the move as a modest trade-off for the greater good of the iran nuclear agreement and tehran ’ s pledge to free five americans . another was serving an eight-year sentence for conspiring to supply iran with satellite technology and hardware . u.s. authorities also believe he was part of a procurement network providing iran with high-tech components for an especially deadly type of ied used by shiite militias to kill hundreds of american troops in
caihong ’ s feathers had pancake-shaped melanosomes similar to those of hummingbirds with iridescent feathers . dinosaurs 101 they ruled the earth for more than 160 million years , but much about how dinosaurs lived and died remains a mystery . caihong was a two-legged predator with a velociraptor-like skull and sharp teeth , probably hunting small mammals and lizards . while it possessed many bird-like characteristics , the researchers doubted it could actually get airborne . given these traits , the ancient animal has been named caihong juji — mandarin for “rainbow with the big crest ” — the team reports today in the journal nature communications .
prison officials said sources for years had told them salaz was hiding out in mexico but he managed to evade police . salaz ' s capture leaves jose fernando bustos-diaz , 24 , as the lone texas prison fugitive . salaz escaped the night of march 22 , 1997 , from the garza east prison in beeville in south texas by climbing over three 16-foot fences all topped with razor wire . juan salaz was apprehended last week . houston police undercover officers involved in the case arranged for the exchange . a police sergeant avoided serious injury when he was saved by his body armor .
sudoku-induced seizures a few weeks later , after the man was moved from the hospital to a rehabilitation facility to continue his recovery , he attempted to solve a sudoku puzzle , an activity he enjoyed doing in his free time . this type of seizure involves the muscles stiffening and then jerking rapidly and rhythmically . " take crossword puzzles ... i have read the full article associated with this cme . your quiz results : the filled radio buttons indicate your responses . 19 ) in the journal jama neurology . in their report about the unique case , dr.
the party ' s over-reliance on government and regulation to remedy the country ' s ills is at odds with our belief in private-sector ingenuity and innovation . ” texas has long been a stronghold for republicans , and it is a must-win state for trump . " but the editorial went on to savage trump : he plays on fear — exploiting base instincts of xenophobia , racism and misogyny — to bring out the worst in all of us , rather than the best . we recommend hillary clinton . resume vs. judgment , this election is no contest .
dr fisher said the lack of progress in skin cancer - the most common type of cancer - was a " very significant frustration " . we wanted to know whether it would be possible to activate real skin pigmentation without using radiation or the sun ’ s rays , which are damaging and dangerous . it is not yet clear if the drug might have the unintended consequence of affecting the glorious hair colour , but it is thought the hair follicle is too deep in the skin for the drug to reach . nisma mujahid and david e.
he ' s in my tummy. ' " sacramento police initially said the two officers involved " feared for their safety , " thinking clark was armed . he really changed his life , ” said clark . he could not comment on how many times clark was hit . police were responding to 911 calls of robbery reports in the area . clark also says he recently noticed a difference in stephon . sign me up ! no one covers what is happening in our community better than we do . share copy link warning : graphic content .
the snow storm is expected to bring snow , stiff winds and punishing cold into the northeast . 2 , 2014 , in new york . ( ap photo/karly ... was one of them a 1000-year flood ? nbc ' s tom costello provides a winter travel update , and reports that hundreds of flights have been canceled after a winter storm struck the east coast . by stu ostrooctober 5 , 2015 the confluence of meteorological ingredients the first weekend in october 2015 resulted in an extraordinary weather event with severe impacts . this has not happened this time around .
the newborn baby was found dead in the mother ' s bag under her desk in the cubicle and police are working to find out if the baby had been born alive . a short time later an employee called 911. only one woman at first didn ' t answer , a 26-year-old from wyandotte . fox 2 is told that ceva logistics - which transports products for companies worldwide including the big three , informed their 150-plus employees and offered grief counseling . http://detne.ws/1aov3q1 david holt of redford township police . a few people finally checked and discovered blood all over the bathroom stall .
this is the paper robert livar ' s 8th grade son was given to fill out in history class wednesday at great hearts monte vista charter school . joaquin castro , who asked the parent to send him a copy of the assignment . if we deem this textbook imprudent , we will permanently remove story_separator_special_tag ... 😉 👉🏼 stop by our table 👈🏼 and get info about great hearts &amp; meet kevin our trick roper . it is immoral and a crime against humanity . " the assignment itself weighing the pros and cons of slave life and slave perspective quite honestly is just gross .
executives reiterated on a conference call tuesday that the company plans to open 1,000 new us stores by the end of 2020 . doughnuts are still on the menu , but the company is renaming itself " dunkin ' " to reflect its increasing emphasis on coffee and other drinks . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . the company said last year that it was considering the change . dunkin ' has more than 12,500 restaurants globally . canton , massachusetts-based dunkin ' says the name change is one of several things it ' s doing to stay relevant to younger customers .
( associated press ) skipper jimmy spithill and oracle team usa won the america ' s cup on wednesday with one of the greatest comebacks in sports history . this is it . after almost dunking its chances when it buried its bows in a wave shortly after the start , oracle showed its incredible speed when it reeled in the kiwis while zigzagging toward the golden gate bridge on the windward third leg . ! ! and , according to forbes , he skipped an oracle conference to do so . great effort by both teams . owned by software billionaire larry ellison , oracle team usa was docked two points for illegally modifying boats in warmup regattas and had to win 11 races to keep the auld mug .
" i know for a fact that planned parenthood has been there for me , " blige says in a press release accompanying the video . the clip , also featuring rapper q-tip and actress julianne moore , highlights the president ' s stance on women ' s rights and health care . good . viewer discretion advised . the ad in its entirety is here . ” the final speaker vows to watch us all having sex , or something . that message is to republicans and mitt romney : “if your voter suppression throughout this beautiful country enables romney to oust barack obama , we will burn this mother f**ker down.
moscow &#124; moscow ( reuters ) - russian spy anna chapman posed in the russian version of maxim magazine in the most provocative photographs yet to appear of the secret agent who was deported from the united states in july . ( writing by thomas grove , editing by steve addison ) story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . a photograph on www.maximonline.ru shows red-haired chapman dressed in nylon and lace and posing with a handgun .
“i am not going to sit here and say that i hate jewish people because that is not the case nor is this about jews , ” tequila wrote . she ’ s standing in front of auschwitz . in it , she holds a pistol in her right hand , with her left on her hip , as the apparent light of god pours out of the cloudy sky behind her . learn your facts ! she ’ s wearing a red swastika armband and the unmistakable cap of the ss uniform . she also responded to criticism of the image by linking to a dec.
more than 7,000 lawsuits claiming injuries and death due to smoking are pending in state and federal courts in florida , the legacy of the state supreme court ’ s 2006 “engle ” ruling , which required jurors in future smoking cases to be bound by certain factual findings , including that tobacco companies sold cigarettes that were “defective ” and “unreasonably dangerous. an attorney for r.j. reynolds declined to comment . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . 1,049 ) , where a jury yesterday awarded $ 80 million — $ 72m of which was in punitive damages — to the daughter of james cayce horner , a two-pack a day smoker who died in 1996 of lung cancer .
lobel said the new units , by giving high-security inmates more personal contact and privileges , should be an example to other states to move away from isolation policies that he said have proven counterproductive in california . the conditions triggered intermittent hunger strikes by tens of thousands of inmates throughout the prison system in recent years . years-long segregation also drew criticism this summer from president barack obama and u.s. supreme court justice anthony kennedy . story_separator_special_tag sacramento , calif. the suit contended that isolating inmates in 80-square-foot cells for all but about 90 minutes each day amounts to cruel and unusual punishment .
’ ” story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . co-host ainsley earhardt stated that trump ’ s policy is in place to “vet who ’ s coming across the border , in case it ’ s ms-13 or drugs. what would you do ? learn more &#124; wwyd - duration : 9 : 07. [ image via screengrab ] — — >> follow ken meyer ( @kenmeyer91 ) on twitter have a tip we should know ?
that is on top of about $ 50 million spent on indirect help for the opposition . the united states said it would for the first time give non-lethal aid to the rebels and would more than double its support to syria ’ s civilian opposition , casting it as a way to bolster the rebels ’ popular support . ... mr. " president assad is out of time and must be out of power story_separator_special_tag rome ( reuters ) - western powers pledged aid for syrian rebels on thursday but stopped short of offering them weapons , disappointing opponents of president bashar al-assad clamoring for more arms .
a federal judge ruled that the district of columbia and maryland may proceed with a lawsuit against president trump alleging that trump ’ s business dealings have violated the constitution ’ s ban on receiving improper “emoluments , ” or payments , from individual states and foreign governments . " read more racine ( d ) and maryland attorney general brian e. although trump said he gave up day-to-day management of his business while he is in the white house , he still owns his businesses and can withdraw money from them at any time . “as we argued , we believe this case should be dismissed , and we will continue to defend the president in court , ” spokeswoman kerri kupec said .
( associated press ) an opponent of egypt ' egyptian protesters chant slogans and wave national flags in tahrir square , the focal point of egyptian uprising , in cairo sunday , june 30 , 2013. hundreds of thousands of opponents of egypt ' s islamist president ... a spokesman for morsi said that the president knew he had made mistakes and was working to fix them . " rang out . ( associated press ) tens of thousands of opponents of egypt ' s islamist president massed in cairo ' s tahrir square and in cities around the country sunday , launching an all-out push to force mohammed morsi from office on the one-year anniversary of his inauguration .
“there is nothing about this skinhead lesbian that impresses me and there is nothing that she has to say unless you ’ re a frothing at the mouth moonbat , ” gibson wrote . and critics who have bad-mouthed the teens on the internet or the airwaves have found their own vitriol turned back on them by people sympathetic to the plight of students who became activists after seeing their classmates and educators slaughtered . so sad ! “i am not walking away with my head hung low . it was wrong and unacceptable . " afp contributor / afp / getty images leslie gibson had previously been the only declared candidate in the race .
a look at the crack on a window in a 36th floor unit of san francisco ' s millennium tower . as the building continues to sink and tilt , " peskin says the window system that ' s part of something called the " curtain wall " is designed to sustain hurricane force winds . more photo : courtesy of city and county of san francisco department of building inspection photo : courtesy of city and county of san francisco department of building inspection image 1 of / 13 caption close large crack reportedly forms in window of san francisco ' s sinking millennium tower 1 / 13 back to gallery a new defect in san francisco ' s sinking and tilting millennium tower has appeared .
his bond was set at $ the firefighters work with the fairmont rural fire department and the orrum fire department . jordan emmanuel hunt , 18 , of fairmont , is charged with four counts of felony setting fire to grass , brush , woods , 12 counts of felony conspiracy . " i don ' t understand that . kenny caulder jr. what it costs taxpayers to answer these numerous calls . her bond was set at $ 100,000 . " several woods fires and abandoned house fires in a week . his bond was set at $ 200,000.00 .
arnold credits that to the fact that the male starlings ’ behavior didn ’ t change drastically , while female starlings seemed less interested in the opposite sex and were often inconsistent in their behavior . “they could be aggressive , and they could be passive. birds like to graze at sewage treatment plants , which are teeming with worms , flies and maggots , she explained . the results were striking . our findings suggest that exposure to an antidepressant reduced female attractiveness , adding to growing evidence that environmental concentrations of pharmaceuticals can alter important traits related to individual fitness and population dynamics .
but that was no surprise : past research has demonstrated that many of what scientists call “megafauna ” ( really big animals ) aren ’ t that genetically diverse . social groups were important in partitioning mtdna and microsatellite variance within both oceans . how this happened remains unknown and is even stranger given sperm whales ’ social structures . the sperm whale provides an interesting example of a long‐lived species with few geographic barriers to dispersal . as some of earth ’ s largest mammals , they have the largest brain of any creature on the planet and can weigh up to 45 tons .
the tank was part of a system used to recirculate water to a firefighter training area . air force officials said in the statement that they discovered the spill oct. peterson afb is suspected as one source . colorado springs utilities said the chemical-laden water passed through the utility ' s las vegas street sewage treatment plant and was released into fountain creek . an investigation has been opened to determine the cause of the discharge , said col. " was it intentional ? there are some reported health effects . 12. “but it is not a good thing to have those contaminants anywhere in our water .
cheney and mr. " i wanted to give readers a glimpse of the presidency from my perspective , " he said in a promotional video . bush began his remarks by directly addressing the episode and offering unambiguous support for the man he ended up keeping by his side . and history is beginning to come around . leak case . larry w. hundreds of bush administration alumni , including former secretary of state condoleeza rice and first lady laura bush , also attended . after the speeches and ceremonial dirt turning , he quickly departed , while other luminaries lingered and chatted .
“because skymall historically did not narrowly tailor its product offerings , skymall faced well-established competitors in every market vertical , as story_separator_special_tag san francisco ( marketwatch ) — there ’ s still time to get that special tortilla baby blanket from skymall , of course , but the in-flight catalog ’ s bankruptcy filing is just the latest black eye for an industry that has lost ground for more than a decade . it also said it suspended its retail catalog operations on jan. ” little 7-year-old ben would ask . i ad-libbed . my favorite was the convertible furniture section .
" the 12 boys and their soccer coach were found late monday still in the cave and it is not known when they will be able to leave due to flooding and other factors . he said : " we found that most of the boys are in green condition . why can ' t they swim out ? chiang rai gov . but no one is in red condition . they have received their first food and medical treatment in 10 days . " more heavy rain could see water levels rise and threaten the air pocket where the group has taken refuge .
we excluded pregnancies in which the infant had received a diagnosis of a chromosomal abnormality ( 1609 pregnancies ) and pregnancies in which the mother had been treated with known teratogens during the first trimester ( i.e. they were able to use demographic information , such as age , income and education , as well as data about all physician services and hospitalizations , including diagnoses , procedures and filled outpatient prescriptions . story_separator_special_tag data source and study cohort the study cohort was drawn from the medicaid analytic extract for 46 u.s. states and washington , d.c. it ' s diagnosed in 10 percent to 20 percent of pregnant women , and up to 13 percent of women take antidepressants while pregnant , according to the researchers .
i was shocked when he decided to run for president , and even more shocked that sort of , people took it seriously , " stern said . stern and trump are long-time friends , with trump making numerous appearances on stern ' s radio show over the years . " " i don ' t think it ' s going to be a healthy experience . all of this hatred and stuff directed towards him . he loves hollywood . he still wants hillary clinton to win . so the new donald trump kind of surprised me . listen , there ’ s a reason every president who leaves the office has gray hair.
mathews , " starr said . the report released by richardson police is wesley mathew ’ s version of events from early saturday morning . 12 , 2017 ) an attorney representing the mother of a missing 3-year-old girl in richardson said wednesday that the woman is " distraught " over the disappearance of her daughter . , shortly after richardson police knocked on the door with a search warrant . “at approximately 3 : 15 a.m. ( published thursday , oct. they finally gave birth to a little girl , who is a year older than sherin .
" it ' s simple math , " gonzalez said . in february , new york city mayor bill de blasio called for a $ 15 minimum wage by 2019 in his state of the city address . , she said , will help spur similar increases in other parts of the country . “it puts an exclamation point on the need for $ 15 to be where the wage board ends up. last november , san francisco voted to increase its minimum wage to $ 15 by 2018. ” credit nick ut/associated press the groups pressing for higher minimum wages said that the los angeles vote could set off a wave of increases across southern california , and that higher pay scales would improve the way of life for the region ’ s vast low-wage work force .
( associated press ) new england patriots ' devin mccourty ( 32 ) and kyle arrington ( 24 ) break up a pass to buffalo bills wide receiver ruvell martin ( 82 ) during the fourth quarter of an nfl football game in foxborough , mass. but that ' s where it gets juicy . irsay is going to handle all that and you just kind of put it in his hands and trust the organization and the direction it decides to move . seriously ? , sunday jan .... " obviously none of us in this room are in control .
an instructor said to get down and then everyone was engulfed , he said . official avalanche advisories were in force in the area at the time . more than 40 injured after avalanche struck while students were climbing near nasu onsen ski resort north of tokyo seven high school students and a teacher have died and more than 40 people have been injured after an avalanche hit ski slopes in japan . the training took place about 500 meters from their hotel at an altitude of 1,300 meters . “naturally , i would like to express my sympathies from the bottom of my heart , ” hashimoto told reporters at a press conference on monday evening .
“is it not a scientific fact that there is nothing comparable with marijuana ? , chairman of the subpanel , suggested the president ’ s attitude may contribute to the growing use of marijuana among adolescents . ” connolly asked . ’ ” mica added , “we have the most schizophrenic policy i have ever seen. ” botticelli admitted that was true . ” botticelli insisted that the administration is attempting to take a “balanced ” approach that rejects the so-called “war on drugs ” but also rejects legalization efforts . this year , however , congress doesn ’ t seem inclined to get involved .
the researchers plan to scale down their robots to an even smaller size and develop a magnetic nanofiber that could be used for the tails . the new gadget is made from a strong but flexible polymer , with a metal layer painted onto its head using a technique called electron beam evaporation . original article on live science . follow us @livescience , facebook &amp; google+ . sperm , like some bacteria , use a whip-like " flagellum " to propel themselves through fluid . other studies of this process have included coupling a magnetic tail to a red blood cell , or controlling real sperm by steering them in metal microtubes .
kovacevic ' s approach to healing has generated such interest that now , it is understood , she is only responding to calls and text messages from trusted players . join independent minds for exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for just £ 5.99 € 6.99 $ 9.99 a month get the best of the independent with an independent minds subscription for just £ 5.99 € 6.99 $ 9.99 a month get the best of the independent without the ads – for just £ 5.99 € 6.99 $ 9.99 a month johnson has been carrying his injury since before the champions league game against lyons in france that liverpool drew on 4 november .
he left the plane in mumbai and another passenger removed the gold after it had flown on to goa . “we are educating ( our staff ) about aircraft maps of how toilets are in an airbus or a boeing . customs officials said there had been five cases over two months involving a total 100 kg . meena said the haul was worth 73.68 million rupees ( $ 1.18 million ) . finance minister p. , but later we found they contained 12 pieces of gold bars in each , ” additional commissioner of customs at the airport , rameshwar meena , told reuters .
on 12 july , miss grice told police she had been followed by mr lane , but the court heard police treated the incident as " low risk " . pa 8/50 8 march 2018 britain ' s foreign secretary boris johnson sits with year 1 pupils during a visit to st leonard ' s church of england primary academy in hastings . reuters 9/50 7 march 2018 electronic billboards show adverts for saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman with the hashtag ‘#anewsaudiarabia ’ in london . afp/getty 5/50 11 march 2018 protesters against the turkish war on syrian kurds in afrin block the tracks at manchester piccadilly station bringing rail services in and out of the terminal to a halt .
tim murray says he doesn ' t feel lucas is qualified for office . " in ukraine . welcome to oklahoma . murray brings it up in his letter announcing his plan to contest lucas ' election writing " ... this time , he chose to run as a republican . saddam hussein ' s rumored body doubles were featured in an episode of " arrested development . lucas said , " many things have been said about me , said to me during course of my campaigns . in the movie , dave kovic -- played by kevin kline , fills in for the president -- who also looks eerily like kevin kline -- after he suffers a stroke .
“we ’ ve run a campaign like nobody ’ s ever seen , " block says in the video . watch the new herman cain ad below : have a tip we should know ? a profile of herman cain then fades into view , concluding one of the most bizarre 5-10 second chunks of film in some time . post modern genius . together we can take this country back. smoker . meet mark block , herman cain ' s top adviser and the newest youtube star of the 2012 presidential campaign . first , block takes a long , slow drag of a cigarette as a painfully cheesy tea party anthem begins to play .
the dna hit prompted a lengthy new investigation which culminated in the arrest of the two men , who were expected to face murder charges , the sheriff ’ s department said . the seventh grade classmates told their mothers they were going to a mall shopping near their homes about 40 miles north of sacramento on nov. authorities then and now said a large-scale investigation was immediately launched and some 60 people interviewed over a three-year period before the case went cold for a lack of solid leads and was shelved in 1976. “it took us basically until today to finally put eyes
more to the point , basically everyone i ' ve seen comment on this has immediately rushed to the conclusion that ea has set up a spambot campaign to inflate signatures and create the veneer of support . these names included ones like " fred from pakistan " and so forth . for this collection , several things were done : 1. turned off duplicate detection . " i also spoke briefly with allout.org co-founder and director andre banks about the petition and the spam attacks . " the sith are getting a bum wrap here , as always .
long was found dead in her bedroom on july 23 with a gun in her hand , according to previous search warrants . man picks up rock and finds something ' from above ' man picks up rock and finds something ' from above ' the mugshot of a cary teen arrested on drug charges is going viral nearly a month after her arrest . she died of a single gunshot wound to the left side of her head , dr. suicide or murder ? siders also seized information on financial transactions done through long ’ s yahoo !
" in agreeing that he is a muslim , mr. both repeated borowitz ' s " quote " of obama saying : " my place of birth has been , and will always be , negotiable . " obama doesn ' t mind coming out as a muslim if that will satisfy the republicans , " the al-hayat headline said . saudi media fall for obama muslim joke riyadh , saudi arabia — when a us satirist joked that president barack obama will admit to congress that he is muslim in his latest compromise with republicans , saudi media took it seriously .
reddit users are attributing the hoax to a 4chan thread . add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . while the newly released ios 8 boasts several impressive features , including app extensions and improved keyboard options , the software upgrade does not — we repeat , does not — let it be wirelessly recharged in the microwave , contrary to a 4chan hoax . bonus : what is 4chan ? 4chan has previously attempted similar hoaxes . learn more story_separator_special_tag step away from the microwave , iphone owners .
" it shows that ending the aids epidemic is possible . " cuba ' s success should encourage donors and governments to redouble their efforts , who said . " babies can be infected with hiv at birth or by breastfeeding if the mother is infected . who estimates that 1.4 million women with hiv become pregnant every year . the who said in a statement that an international delegation that it and the pan american health organization sent to cuba in march determined the country met the criteria for the designation . margaret chan . " the number of children born annually with hiv has almost halved since 2009 - down from 400,000 in 2009 to 240,000 in 2013 , " who says .
a minnesota doctor saw prince twice in the month before his death , including the day before he died , and prescribed him medication , according to contents of ... it said that schulenberg also told detectives that he had given prince a prescription that was to be filled at a walgreens . the warrant does not describe the nature of the tests . the musician was to have performed a pair of concerts in atlanta on april 7 , but postponed those shows , blaming the flu . the warrant was carried out last thursday at north memorial medical center in the minneapolis suburb of robbinsdale .
" the result of wang ' s tinkering was the first version of a device he calls the " instant pot . for all its bells and whistles , the instant pot is nothing new . it ’ s an electric pressure cooker made over with digital controls , modern safety features , and a few extra functions that go largely unused . its promise to make slow-cooked foods , like braised meats , stewed beans , and hearty soups faster ( if not instantly ) has proved irresistible to a nation of time-strapped home cooks . earlier this year , the appliance received praise from j.
anderson ’ s death was a tragic blow to her family in westbury and her former coworkers at ralphs italian ices . he was being handed over to judicial authorities , national police commissioner francisco diaz said . ” binghamton police quickly classified the case as a homicide and identified tercero , a romantic partner and fellow student , as a person of interest . kennedy international airport . ( © copyright 2018 cbs broadcasting inc. all rights reserved . further information regarding tercero ' s arrest was not immediately available . nestel contributed to this report . anderson was last seen alive around 4 a.m. on thursday and was with her roommates before she went missing , police said .
her family has alleged that she was being tortured by her saudi employers . they have asked the tamil nadu state government to help them financially and have also sought the indian government ' s help in securing ms munirathinam ' s return to india . read more " " chopping of [ arm ] of indian lady - we are very much disturbed over the brutal manner in which indian lady has been treated in saudi arabia , " ms swaraj added . our embassy is in touch with the victim . my mother was not even allowed to speak to us over the phone , she was not given proper food and was forced to work long hours , " her son s kumar told bbc hindi .
whether it was a prank or serious political message , txdot officials said that this is no laughing matter . go to our facebook page and weigh in on the issue . dallas ( ap ) — electronic construction signs in the dallas area appear to have been hacked , displaying messages calling donald trump a reptile and imploring early morning commuters to take a day off work . according to txdot spokesman ryan lafontaine , who is concerned about the hacker ' s " boldness , " the signs cannot be altered remotely and must be changed manually at the control panels .
( associated press ) gov . on highway 530. arlington — hopes dimmed sunday for finding survivors in the nearly one square mile of muck and debris left by a mudslide that killed at least eight people and demolished dozens of houses . use an interactive tool to see the landslide ’ s deadly path . ( associated press ) tom moff with snohomish county looks down at the stillaguamish river as it maintains a low but steady flow off of whitman road on highway 530 on sunday , march 23 , 2014 , the day after a giant landslide ...
county officials warned visitors in may to exercise extreme caution near the ice caves , which are a popular hiking destination , because warm weather was causing sections of the caves to collapse . “there was a large pile of ice and rock that came down , ” ireton said . ( ken lambert / the seattle times ) the three injured adults — two men and a woman — were flown by helicopter by harborview medical center in seattle , said hospital spokeswoman susan gregg . " once i saw the ice chunks falling i ducked for cover and held my hands over my head .
many don ' t know that it happens in our own neighborhoods , but it does . we believe one of the most critical components to the long-term rehabilitation of a survivor is a university education . our campaign , to seed the beauty for ashes fund at plnu with $ 40,000 , is about hope . we will fund someone as early as september 2015 and already have survivors in the process of applying your donation is tax deductible ! perks or no perks ? more perpetrators are being prosecuted . sex and labor trafficking has reached epidemic proportions in the united states and around the world .
president barack obama authorized u.s. airstrikes in northern iraq , thursday , ... ( ap photo/charles dharapak ) ( associated press ) pentagon press secretary rear adm. john kirby said that two f/a-18 jets dropped 500-pound bombs on a piece of artillery and the truck towing it . must watch obama authorizes airstrikes against isis 08 : 24 obama said there will be no buildup of u.s. combat story_separator_special_tag irbil , iraq ( ap ) — iraqis on friday welcomed the u.s. airlift of emergency aid to thousands of people who fled to the mountains to escape islamic extremists and called for greater intervention , as u.s. warplanes struck the militants for the first time .
plus , it ' s not as if kim jong un and his staff are going to listen to anything johnson says . the nfl goes 24/7/365 , so don ' t miss a thing ... foxboro , massachusetts , home of the new england patriots and a location where the bills haven ' t recorded a victory since november 5 , 2000. that place ? i apologize north korea ........ h/t : game on ! learn more so , yeah , johnson ' s joke was in bad taste . judging from a quick glance at the replies on his twitter page , it would appear many think so .
three years ago , she lied to her new husband that she wasn ’ t receiving child support . of the offenders , 30 % have hidden a bill , 16 % have hidden a major purchase , 15 % had a secret bank account , 11 % lied about their debts and another 11 % lied about the amount of money they earned . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . when he returned home in the evening , so did she . in one of the most extreme deceptions chemtob ’ s come across , a 20-something woman fabricated her entire financial history .
i will never return to that place story_separator_special_tag posted : tuesday , august 16 , 2011 it may be the first-ever case of its kind : a diner was kicked out of a restaurant not for something she did , but apparently for something she said online . if we get in touch with her , we ' ll update this story . the social media smackdown happened at the down house restaurant in the heights , located at 1801 yale street . " restaurateurs and bar owners really want people to be in the moment and enjoy where they are and what they ' re eating and what they ' re drinking .
put him in a coffin . mchugh , 28 , had both the hood of his white bmw and the hood his wife ' s car dented . reporter : and it ' s all about -- coffin . they ' re jumping on to store displays , they ' re jumping on to trash bins or even jumping on each other . story_separator_special_tag kids do ? he says by one of these coffin crews . " you work hard , and then to have that much money washed away for 10 seconds of laughter , " he said .
play video 1 : 01 sons of us defector to north korea james dresnok speak out after father ' s death – video addressing the recent tensions between pyongyang and washington , ted dresnok warned that the “us imperialists ” were raising “war hysteria madness ” with little knowledge about the north ’ s military and its people . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . “we have our dear supreme commander kim jong-un . he was the subject of a british documentary , crossing the line , in 2006 and expressed satisfaction with his life in pyongyang , whose citizens enjoy better standards of living than those elsewhere in the isolated country .
the results show that every single stool sample tested positive for the presence of microplastic and up to nine different plastic types were identified . the findings have not yet been published in a peer-reviewed journal . the small study examined eight participants from europe , japan and russia . we are living on a plastic planet . the study " confirms what we have long suspected , that plastics ultimately reach the human gut , " study lead author dr. they ' re formed when larger pieces of plastic pollution break down . 22 ) at ueg week in vienna , a european gastroenterology meeting .
" when asked about mr rodman ' s north korea visits in 2013 , mr trump told fox news : " you look at the world , the world is blowing up around us . tears and favours he has previously broken down in tears during tv interviews , saying he has had death threats over his trips , which have been condemned by human rights activists . learn more story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . " we wish him well .
“for 2,000 years , my people , the jewish people , were stateless , defenseless , story_separator_special_tag an agreement on iran ’ s nuclear program would be a momentous event in american-iranian relations , and one that white house officials insist is the best hope for constraining tehran ’ s nuclear ambitions and easing decades of animosity between iran and the united states . netanyahu presented them as dangerously naïve . netanyahu told thousands of israel supporters in washington . mr. ( reuters ) israeli prime minister netanyahu visits jerusalem ' s holy western wall hours ahead of trip to washington where he is expected to deliver controversial congress speech on iran .
mayor ' s arrest in a televised speech , president pena nieto said that " mexico must change " . the initiative to improve mexico ’ s law enforcement and rampant corruption comes in response to public outrage over the abduction and suspected massacre of 43 college students who were detained by municipal police in the southern town of iguala two months ago . another one? 27 , 2014. it would also seek to establish a national identity number or document , though it was unclear what form that would take . huge marches have been held to protest their disappearance .
her initial request was for a settlement of $ 309,000 . ” estrada was cross-examined in court over her claim that she requires £ 1m a year for clothes , including £ 40,000 for fur coats , £ 109,000 for haute couture dresses and £ 21,000 for shoes . i have lived this life . i was a top international model . former supermodel christina estrada takes a photograph of the gathered press while stood with her legal team in front of the high courtat royal courts of justice , strand on july 8 , 2016 . i always wanted to resolve the matter amicably .
a combination of intelligence and beauty is very attractive advertisement in women chess . some players show up dressed like they ’ re “going to the beach , ” she notes , explaining that no player had reported being distracted or annoyed . i was here during three rounds and i ' ve got an impression that we have to work much more on those regulations . so the european chess union has decided to lay out a dress code to keep the classiness in the game . what about tennis ? ( video : an 8 year old chess master ) perhaps too many players were taking cues from this classic austin powers scene .
flynn ' s disclosure of payments related to activities that occurred in 2015 and 2016 , prior to his service in the white house , " short wrote in a letter dated april 19 that was sent to committee leaders . 20 inauguration . gen. elijah e. cummings ( d-md . trump has said he story_separator_special_tag washington — michael t. other documents sought by the committee , from after jan. the development is the latest trouble for mr. jason chaffetz and democratic rep. on tuesday morning , the committee reviewed a batch of documents responsive to the request from the pentagon behind closed doors .
it is a scenic skywalk that ' s already racked up a bunch of world records even before it officially opened to the public . vcg via getty images this infrastructure project is hopefully sturdier than china ' s last glass-bottomed overpass . add interest visitors can walk across an enormous stretch of transparent panels over the zhangjiajie grand canyon in zhangjiajie , hunan province , china . more at bbc.com/click and @bbcclick . watch native american dances in the amphitheater each day at 1 p.m. and 5 p.m. be sure to visit the native american gift shop and explore several dwellings of the regions indigenous tribes — including the hualapai , navajo , plains , hopi , and havasupai — in the native american village .
there was never a tsunami threat to the u.s. mainland . the tremor struck in the sea about 202 kilometres north-northeast of barra patuca , honduras , and 303 kilometres southwest of george town , cayman islands . rodrigo anaya rodriguez was in a hammock inside his house near popular tourist site bacalar lake on mexico ’ s caribbean coast in quintana roo when he felt three tremors . " it didn ' t last long but was very violent . the us tsunami center later cancelled the alert but warned some parts of honduras and belize were still at risk from waves of up to a metre .
in 1969 , polanski ' s pregnant wife , actress sharon tate , was brutally murdered by members of the charles manson cult , and in 1977 polanski was indicted on six criminal counts for having sexual relations with a minor . advertisement thanks for watching ! “the truth is that the sealing of the gunson statement makes it appear that someone fears its contents. while authorities were not actively seeking him out , he continued to face the possibility of prison if he returned to america . polanski had lured her there on the pretext of photographing her for french vogue .
and the australian naval ship ocean shield , which has highly sophisticated equipment , is pursuing " an acoustic noise " that it detected in a different area , houston said at a news conference . analysis this could be potentially significant , but caution is necessary . handheld hydrophone video on chinese state-run cctv shot saturday shows crew members from the haixun 01 boarding a small yellow dinghy and using what appears to be a handheld hydrophone . but he stressed that were was so far no confirmation that the signals and objects are related to flight 370.
according to a 2010 survey by adweek media and harris , 61 % of americans say they are more likely to buy a product when an ad says it ' s " made in america . that doesn ' t mean there aren ' t still great items being produced on our shores each day under brand names americans have loved for generations . next> any good , american skeptic knows the answer . if you ' re a u.s. consumer , it ' s apparently a huge incentive . it also indicates a premium those same americans are willing to pay for those products .
, police said . the baltimore sun reported on friday the shooting was recorded on a video camera by a third person . " i can ' t speak for the state ' s attorney ' s office . ramiro drove mitchell to a hospital where he was pronounced dead , according to police . ramiro faces first- and second-degree murder and two gun charges , police said . jarron jackson , who would not say if police believe the shooting death may have been intentional . the victim suffered a gunshot wound above the vest . asked why prosecutors sought the murder charge at all , cheshire said only that , after an investigation , " we thought that was the appropriate charge .
” fbi agents assisted the state police in the aftermath of the shooting . story_separator_special_tag a newly released fbi profile of adam lanza concludes that he did not just “snap ” when he shot his way into sandy hook elementary school on dec. there is evidence to suggest that lanza had an interest in children that could be categorized as pedophilia . 14 , 2012 , slaughter . ” in his postings , lanza expressed displeasure over natural light , the taste and texture of ” lanza weighed only 111 pounds at the time of his death .
they had earlier taken one person hostage as police cornered the gunmen in the area , northeast of paris mr lepere ' s father said the family was " doing fine " , and thanked the police and the " people who helped " . at the same time , the siege at a kosher supermarket in paris was also coming to a bloody end . ( associated the group remained there for almost five hours . 9 , 2015. ilan removed his jacket and wrapped his son in it to protect the toddler from the cold . two sets of attackers seized hostages and locked down hundreds of french security ...
the post , which included a picture of 15-year-old jahi mcmath and her mother , nailah winkfield , was published on march 15 on the " keep jahi mcmath on life support " facebook page . hopefully my daughter can change some of the ways brain death is viewed in today ' s society . according to dr. bill wichert may be reached at bwichert@njadvancemedia.com . story_separator_special_tag franklin twp . honestly , i think she already has. stay blessed everyone and thank you for your prayers and love. after raising nearly $ 50,000 in private donations , the family eventually had jahi moved to an unidentified long-term care facility .
hejduk is suing for damages relating to spin master ' s " deceptive business practices in selling hatchimals , " according to the lawsuit . ” hatchimals are stuffed animals that hatch out of the colored spotted eggs they are sold in . " spin master knew that the ' hatching ' was one of the primary draws of the toy , " the suit continued . spin master made an estimated $ 100 million in profits off the toy , attorney ben meiselas said in an interview , but investigations indicate that its failure rate is exceptionally high .
humans have their own morbillivirus -measles - and have historically not contracted morbillivirus strains from animals story_separator_special_tag a measles-like virus is being cited as a likely cause for the mass dolphin die-off that ’ s been plaguing the u.s. east coast this summer . lance garrison of the noaa southeast fisheries science center . " sarah rose , left , with the potter , and the others who conduct necropsies ( animal autopsies ) , collect bits of these damaged tissues , as well as other organs . noaa has tested 33 beached dolphins , and 32 had either confirmed or suspected cases of the virus .
this is the target for nasa ’ s titan submarine as it would provide the most opportunities for exploration . there aren ’ t many details on exactly what sort of instruments the titan sub would carry , but the data obtained would be transmitted back to earth in an unusual way . titan ’ s temperature can reach a positively frigid -179 degrees celsius ( -290 degrees fahrenheit ) . the team behind it anticipates that it might not splashdown until sometime around 2047 . in addition to floating or diving around checking out the chemistry of titan ' s sea and sea floor composition , the sub could also study the moon ' s tides , weather , shoreline , disappearing islands and keep an eye out for any evidence of really weird life forms that like to hang out in super chilly , gassy locales .
it ' s andy drath , who as a teenage boy fit the profile of many of the serial killer ' s victims . franklin was also convicted of at least five other murders , receiving a string of life sentences , but he suggested that he was responsible for 22 murders . and , according to authorities , his case went cold . " ... louis synagogue in 1977. john doe no . dahmer and another prison inmate were beaten to death during a work detail in november 1994. 89 now has a name . hide caption 3 of 26 photos : infamous serial killers authorities said dna recovered from the body of mary sullivan matches that of her suspected killer , the confessed boston strangler , albert desalvo .
it ’ s almost dizzying when you try story_separator_special_tag although reporter turned marijuana advocate charlo greene launched into infamy a couple of years ago when she said “fuck it , i quit ” during her final newscast on alaska ’ s ktva , very few people are aware that she is currently at risk of being sent to prison for the next two decades for “misconduct involving a controlled substance. ” recreational marijuana was made legal in alaska in 2014 after voters approved a ballot measure with overwhelming support . but despite the voter-approved initiative , alaska has not helped her start a legitimate marijuana operation .
[ transracial ] twinsburg police stopped ford , who was driving a black ford escort , on interstate 480 shortly after the robbery was reported and turned him over to streetsboro police . [ am law daily ] * just to be clear , they take the sabbath very seriously in israel . we ' re not looking at his head. you get your own slave . that ’ s pretty cool . i practice the ancient art of screaming as loud as i can until blood starts pouring out of my ears . [ underdog ] * so , all those firms that have opened offices in dubai are still golden , right ?
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . a sotheby ’ s auction tuesday is one of those incredible events . but is elvis sweat still worth up to $ 200,000 ? cnbc ' s robert frank reports . " the lyrics from the 1965 song , which the auction house ' s richard austin said influenced everyone from the beatles to bono , are the top lot and could fetch between $ 1 million and $ 2 million . the answer is yes , probably .
on a recent great white shark cage diving trip we experienced a very rare horrifying shark encounter event , a shark breaching the side of the cage . " just like chan , the videographer ' s love of shark-infested waters hasn ' t been shaken . 6. no video footage from diver . follow gabe and garrett on social media ! **this may not be appropriate for our younger viewers . update based on comments : 1. 5 . 4. cage design and bait techniques are being reviewed and changes made if necessary to ensure safety for sharks and divers .
nearly 1,400 people have been killed by the flooding and landslides in the three countries so far , while millions continue to be displaced from their homes . " rains have been intense but the release of water from nepal has aggravated the situation , " said manish sharma . this is what the floods have done to millions across nepal , bangladesh , and india . the death toll from the floods in nepal stood at 146 , with about 30 missing . devastating floods triggered by monsoon ... ___ george reported from new delhi . in the eastern state of west bengal , the top elected official , chief minister mamata banerjee , said 152 people had died and 15 million had been affected by floods in the past few weeks .
in the post , dixon wrote that he spoke to the manager at the kfc outlet who , he said , admitted that dixon was served a rat -- and even apologized . related image expand / contract kfc sent out images showing how the meat could not have been rat . made me feel sick ! i looked down at it and saw it was a cooked rat ! “we did an internal investigation and talked to all employees . the post quickly went viral last week , prompting the popular fast food chain to respond . on june 12 , kfc customer devorise dixon posted a now-viral photo of a piece of meat on his facebook page that appeared to be rodent shaped with a long string of fried breading , resembling a tail .
the story is in a lovely way sleep-inducing and helps children all over the world to fall asleep . " have you ever struggled to help your child get to sleep and wished that you had a magical spell ? he claims : " this is an innovative and groundbreaking type of bedtime story that uses sophisticated psychological techniques . dr. the tale gives suggestions to the child ' s unconscious mind to sleep . " the main goal is to keep the child focused on the goal of relaxation . " – matt hudson , bestselling author and psychotherapist no need for how-to skills , it ’ s as easy and simple as reading a normal bedtime story with improved language pattern that will help your child to relax and fall asleep .
" it was about as wide as a human , and we are 99 per cent certain that it was an escape tunnel . not long after the uprising , himmler ordered the camp to be razed to the ground and trees planted in an attempt to erase all traces of the facility . few people survived sobibor . original article on livescience.com . follow us @livescience , facebook &amp; google+ . " excavations have been underway at sobibor for more than a decade . " [ 8 grisly archaeological discoveries ] sobibor was operated in german-occupied eastern poland between 1942 and 1943.
duffin , who kept it short and to the point : princeton published the letter online thursday . the famed mathematician , whose life was the subject of oscar-winning film a beautiful mind , is globally recognized for his research in game theory , as well as his struggle with schizophrenia . erin o ' neill may be reached at eoneill@njadvancemedia.com . " nash was accepted . find nj.com on facebook . he won the nobel prize in economic sciences in 1994. but the feb. khan academy explains the idea , and how it relates to the famous prisoner ' s dilemma game , here : nash ' s dissertation has been cited about 7,189 times , according to google scholar , though that excludes many uses of the term " nash equilibrium " that don ' t cite the actual paper .
on that journey from fighting in every one of israel ’ s wars to lying comatose for eight years in a jerusalem hospital , he symbolized the anguish and dilemmas of israel . arik sharon started as a warrior . the new york times did not , however , feature this account in its coverage of sharon ' s death . after leaving him to return home , i heard another huge explosion -- it was a car bomb , presumably set off close to the destroyed building in order to kill those trying to rescue survivors . my friend barely escaped with his life .
new orleans ( reuters ) - a new orleans judge on wednesday sentenced real estate scion robert durst to seven years in prison for a federal gun crime and agreed to recommend that he serve his time in california , where he faces a murder charge in a friend ’ s 2000 death . attorneys said durst would be in los angeles by mid-august . durst , appearing frail in orange st. engelhardt approved a plea agreement calling for an 85-month prison stint , followed by three years of supervised release . an elaborate deal with federal prosecutors , confected as part of durst ’ s guilty plea in february to a charge of being
gibb kept the cougar at bay , which he said swiped at him a few times , as he tended to his injured dog and called the police , before getting sasha into his truck and driving her away for medical attention . " i was surprised to hear that the owner took the quick action and it ' s probably what saved the dog ' s life in this case , " said sgt . my dogs are like my children . " she ( sasha ) was crying out in pain and distress so i went running , " said gibb , a 31-year-old technician .
" there ' s a real possibility of a deal . and it ’ s the president ’ s responsibility to work on something that the house will pass , story_separator_special_tag sen. graham said that lawmakers have " done little " of going to the way of greece , which is struggling economically . ) said on fox news sunday . " but don ' t think the republican senator from south carolina is agreeing with obama . " the farm bill is set to expire on jan. read chuck schumer ( d-n.y. ” issa also said iraqis — not americans — should be the ones engaging in ground combat against isil .
robert mccoy , who is on death row for a triple murder . mccoy , accused of fatally shooting his estranged wife ' s mother , stepfather and teen-age son in may 2008 , wanted nothing to do with it . english outlined his strategy : admit guilt from the start , then ask the jury for mercy . it occurs mostly in capital cases , fox said , when lawyers think that it would be impossible to convince a jury that a client is not guilty . and mccoy vehemently proclaimed his innocence . mccoy refused . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
the report does not say who fired the missile , but says airspace over eastern ukraine should have been closed . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . wsj ' s monika auger reports . yiming woo reports . ( jan. most of the victims were dutch - 196 , including some with dual nationality . he added that paint had been found on metal fragments within the plane that matched with missile fragments on the ground . story_separator_special_tag u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump says democratic opponent hillary clinton " wants to destroy and take your guns away .
" all of a sudden he put his hands on the outer railing , " turano said . story_separator_special_tag fort lee — preventing a man from jumping off the george washington bridge is an heroic feat , that ’ s for sure . when he finally did , the officer rushed him . bobby egbert i could just tell by his mannerisms and his behavior . paul nunziato , president of the pa police benevolent association , has encouraged the agency to update the closed-circuit television system on the bridge . i put my right arm around his waist , then i wrapped my left arm around him , and once i got a secure grip on him i used my body weight to pull him down onto the walkway .
they saw that gif of franklin apparently shading labelle at the white house in march ( included in the news nerd story and referenced as a source of tension between the singers ) and wanted more of that but bloodier . i meant party , which we all had one fabulous time . aretha franklin was not amused . classic patti . lol . . ? here are a few nuggets : " omg … are you serious . franklin suffered only story_separator_special_tag on april 11 , the onion-ish " news site " the news nerd published a fictional story titled " patti labelle arrested after fist fight with aretha franklin .
woman loses assisted suicide case mary carolan a severely disabled woman in the final stages of multiple sclerosis has lost her landmark high court challenge to the absolute ban on assisted suicide . " but this court cannot be so satisfied . " her courage in adversity is both humbling and inspiring " he said . " obviously marie is very disappointed and saddened at today ' s outcome , and feels it would the mother of two adult children had told the court in a composed manner last month how her life had become totally undignified and too painful to bear , and said she had planned every detail , including funeral arrangements .
he was a friend and a teacher. ” according to people who witnessed mack wolford ’ s death , history repeated itself . “when he got bit , he said he wanted to die in the church . ” and so they were gathered at this evangelistic hootenanny of christian praise and worship . “he lived 101 / 2 hours , ” wolford told the washington post last fall . ” the son of a serpent handler who himself died in 1983 after being bitten , wolford was trying to keep the practice alive , both in west virginia , where it is legal , and in neighboring states where it is not .
italy is not known to have the kind of mosquitoes that spread malaria . claudio paternoster , an infectious disease specialist at trento ' s santa chiara hospital , told the newspaper . sofia had had treatment there zago was then transferred to a hospital in brescia that treats tropical diseases , but she died on sunday night . bordon suggested the girl might have story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . the health ministry said tuesday it is sending a team of experts to the trento hospital to determine how the girl got infected , since she hadn ' t made any trips to countries with the parasitic disease .
president trump ' s legal team believes attorney general jeff session ' s justice department and the fbi — more than special counsel robert mueller himself — are to blame for what they see as a witch hunt . when trump reacts to new twists in the russia saga , they seek to calm him down . the precise nature of mrs. ohr has written extensively on russia-related subjects . ” until dec. starr . contacted by fox news , investigators for the house permanent select committee on intelligence ( hpsci ) confirmed that nellie h. the
in fact , nicholls had given various ratings to med express , including a " 5 " for item description , a " 3 " for shipping and handling charges , and a " 1 " for seller communication . that battle has , at long last , been won . however , med express wouldn ' t sign the agreement or make payments . her feedback was also never an issue . " it shows that consumers have recourse when companies such as med express try to bully and silence consumers from telling other potential customers about their bad experiences .
he said the move would " story_separator_special_tag india has discontinued its two largest rupee notes in a shocking move against corruption . atms will be shut on nov. samples of the notes show that both have an image of gandhi on the front . the most affected are likely to be small traders , vendors and labourers but newspapers were quick to point out that india ' s wedding season , due to start in a few days , will also be hit hard . modi 11. the banknotes declared illegal tender represent 85 % of cash in circulation in india .
" says who ? in an awkward exchange , mr trump ’ s special counsel was asked about the republican nominee ' s low ratings in the polls . " all of them . " cohen : " okay . roger ailes , the fired head of fox news , will also act as a trump adviser . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . i just answered your question . story continued below cohen balked at the idea that the hires constituted any kind of shakeup and interrupted keilar in the middle of a follow-up question when she said , “you say it is not a shakeup but you guys are down.
he says he ' d do " the opposite " of what obama ' s done in israel , but apart from some ineffectual shaming language about settlements , obama ' s as much in the aipac tank as anyone else . that said , it ' s kind of nice to know that even when rich people go on vacation , it can still be a giant headache , like it is for the rest of us . americans have gone to england and been pancaked by london black cabs because they looked the wrong way before crossing the street .
a lumc assessment of the dead zone this year showed that it has grown to an average 5,500 square miles over the last five years . story_separator_special_tag orlando , fla. so what exactly makes a dead zone ? " it ' s a poster child for how we are using and abusing our natural resources , " turner said . that ' s three times larger than an anticipated 2015 target size . " the high phytoplankton biomass and large area of fresher water would have eventually led to more bottom-water hypoxia . the dead zone is mostly caused by excessive nitrogen , mainly from midwest agricultural runoff .
it ' s been a question if i was at fault for his death , and i ' ve carried it for so long . “in addition , failure to wear seatbelts and alcohol use were factors in some of these cases. anderson ’ s cries and bushwhacked through briers to reach the couple . she was charged with manslaughter , and pleaded guilty to criminal negligent homicide . her 1-year-old great-grandson survived but was paralyzed from the accident . the driver of the g.m . car . has not ruled out that the tally would increase .
so i asked for a copy of the billing statement and the correspondence between her and comcast . " i was never rude , " she told elliott . it ’ s no secret that employees sometimes feel their customers are jerks . a few minutes later , i received a call from steve kipp , comcast ’ s vice president of communications for the washington region . how impolite ! ” but what is enough ? “i am requesting everything back i paid comcast for doing this to me. seriously . comcast probably doesn ' t relish being one of those companies that many americans love to hate .
“we have many examples of kids saying good things and kids helping each other , but that doesn ’ t sell very much so we don ’ t talk about it. the result : significantly more boys than girls exhibited a pattern of high relational aggression in the early years of the study ( overall , such aggression declined with age , a finding the authors expected ) . ” dr. ” ms. parents , too , “need to pay attention to what both boys and girls are doing. six hundred and twenty students took the survey regularly from 6th grade through 12th grade .
journalism public service : los angeles times breaking news reporting : no award investigative reporting : paige st. " the real victors in this are the people of bell who were able to get rid of — the only way to describe it — a repressive regime and have a real city council , " said gottlieb , story_separator_special_tag judge rejects former bell police chief ' s bid to double pension randy adams was seeking a pension of $ 510,000 a year . knopf ) drama : " clybourne park " by bruce norris history : " the fiery trial : abraham lincoln and american slavery " by eric foner ( w.w. norton &amp; co.
" i just grabbed my face which caused the headphones to go around my neck , " she said . an airline passenger has spoken of her horror when her battery-operated headphones exploded on her face mid-flight . they put them into the bucket at the rear of the plane. she woke to a loud explosion . phones , air purifier among flight fire hazards stuart godley from the atsb said it was the first time a set of headphones catching on fire had been reported in australia . “i continued to feel burning so i grabbed them off and threw them on the floor .
local photographer muhammad malik was coming out of the subway when he happened upon the immediate aftermath of this morning ' s deadly shooting near the empire state building . shots fired ! story_separator_special_tag notice you must log in to continue . " actually to be honest , it ' s free — i don ' t even care , " he said . " making major deals ! #chaching . " he wrote . " omg , reporters are calling me from all over the country ! " soon after , the news organizations came calling for permission to run the picture .
exclusive documents : mickey rooney ’ s eight biological children contest his will filed against michael augustine , the conservator for rooney ’ s estate , the kids claim he helped manipulate the actor in cahoots with aber . just watched actor mickey rooney dies at 93 replay more videos ... “kimmy sue especially feels hard done by . that terminates or in any way effects ( her ) rights as surviving spouse , " belous said . he died on april 7. although rooney disinherited his children , his wife and all but one of her children in a will he signed just weeks before his death , court papers suggest there is not much in his estate to fight over .
" " go buy ivanka ' s stuff ! learn more story_separator_special_tag the white house on thursday said that a top adviser to president trump had been “counseled ” after using a television appearance from the west wing to promote the clothing and jewelry line sold under the brand of trump ’ s daughter . " i hate shopping but i ' m going to go get some for myself today . you can find it online. cummings ( md . elijah e. " this is the federal ethics law that @kellyannepolls just violated , " lu tweeted , tagging the u.s. office of government ethics and rep.
las vegas metro police department also has an internal affairs department which investigates situations like this , and story_separator_special_tag images from inside stephen paddock ’ s las vegas hotel room reveal a jumble of high-powered weapons , dozens of scattered shell casings , a possible note , along with his corpse . and that could be sooner than later . lapd higher-ups then made it their business to find out who had taken and leaked the photos . just ask chelsea manning ( or reality winner — or the 12 other people prosecuted by barack obama for leaking ) about that .
key rejected the charges as " absolutely wrong " , and said a business case put up by the agency , the government communications security bureau ( gcsb ) , early last year aimed at mass cyber protection , but was turned down by his government . ” ” he further detailed that “the gcsb provides mass surveillance data into xkeyscore . i know this because it was my full-time job in hawaii , where i worked every day in an nsa facility with a top secret clearance . if you live in new zealand , you are being watched .
" " it happened to me . at a bar i worked at . my impulse would be to rush back and insist he drink my glass of wine and basically reenact the final scene of hamlet . it only took a minute for the manager to walk to their table , see if everything was ok , allowed the girl to order a sparkling water . ! these gals ! “what ’ s going on ? ” treat yourself ) . all super cool . something like this . thank you . witnessing . i stopped . " i said , i just saw that guy put something in her drink .
” “washington is out of touch , ” she added . graham in the 2014 election . yesterday south carolina senator lindsey graham endorsed president obama ’ s intrusive arm of big brother regarding the collection of data and phone records : “i ’ m a verizon customer . according to a recent heritage foundation study , the bill would cost taxpayers $ 6.3 trillion . the latest is supposed to fix our broken immigration system . graham from office next year by asking supporters to donate to her campaign . special interests throw money at career politicians .
" the charges against clare are the result of government overreaching and charging an individual with crimes just what is nxivm ? she is also accused of encouraging and assisting in an alleged nxivm victim ' s illegal entry into the us . she was to remain under house arrest following her release . in this courtroom drawing , clare bronfman , right , is arraigned at federal court in new york , tuesday , july 24 , 2018. investigators say the organisation is a sex-trafficking operation disguised as a mentoring group . u.s. district judge nicholas garaufis set the high amount after hearing prosecutors label her a flight risk and learning she has a net worth of roughly $ 200 million , including a stake in an island resort in fiji .
instead , television coverage of news events made the biggest difference in viewers ' lives . simpson verdict ( 1995 ) . capture and execution of saddam hussein ( 2006 ) . 9. bp oil spill in gulf of mexico ( 2010 ) . 42 ) , the beatles ' appearance on " the ed sullivan show " ( no . jfk ' s assassination was the second-most impactful tv event among people 55 and over , while for those between 18 and 34 , it was the death of osama bin laden . los angeles riots , rodney king beating ( 1992 ) .
story_separator_special_tag new york -- katie couric has confirmed that she ' s leaving her anchor job at the " cbs evening news . cbs news is not willing to match that end of the offer . 60 minutes correspondent scott pelley will be named as her successor on the evening newscast . " couric insists the details -- including which network she will land with -- are " still being discussed . " couric also told people magazine in a story published tuesday on its website that she hasn ' t decided what she ' s doing next . " sources say cbs news insiders initially accepted the idea of having couric keep a role in the division , but have grown weary with the drawn-out negotiation process .
that ’ s all. i pass a mug to you and ask you to sit down on the couch with me . every bit of it . instead of sleeping , i spent my nights scouring scripture , researching the positions of different denominations , and praying and praying and praying some more . i ’ m not a smart man . what happened ? ” melton has long been an outspoken advocate for same-sex marriage . everyone is healthy . “i am so lucky . steady . clear . shameless . gentle . true . i love us.
yearly figures : for 2013 , employers added an average of 182,000 jobs each month . it is also down from 63.6 % in december 2012. the labor department on friday reported december jobs gains were much lower than expected as the year ended . longer-run trend : december ’ s mild advance held back longer-term averages . meanwhile , average hourly earnings for private employees rose by 2 cents to $ 24.17 from a month earlier . other strong gains came from the wholesale trade industry ( 15,000 ) and professional and business services ( 19,000 ) .
police put out a sketch looking for tips and say the victim identified davis from a photo lineup , which was enough to lead police to arrest davis as he was at the bus station on jan. 30 in grand rapids district court . details of that case also have not been disclosed . 28 in the 4200 block of oak park drive se . story_separator_special_tag man cleared of rape charges sues city copyright 2018 nexstar broadcasting , inc. all rights reserved . 14. “hey , what are you guys gonna do when you realize you ’ ve messed up ?
it ’ s nice to see y ’ all , ” aubrey says in a video , posted on the spalding county sheriff ’ s facebook page . " he traveled “aubrey called his mother and told her that he was ready to come home ; however there were certain conditions that he wanted in place such as who he would talk to and where he would go when he got home. — a teen missing from a south metro community has been found nearly two years later . lt. sign up for the daily speed feed newsletter sign up for the daily speed feed newsletter something went wrong .
" it appears that the confetti strips are shredded police documents . " it ' s a question that pix11 wanted an answer to as well . the possibility and ease of reconstruction depends on the size of the shreds — the smaller and more numerous the pieces , the harder it is to reconstruct a document . " i ' m just completely in shock , " said finkelstein , 18 . " ) advertisement not all shredded documents can be put back together . ask the explainer . during the 1979 iranian revolution , students and militants who took over the u.s. embassy in tehran turned to local carpet weavers to reassemble classified cia documents they found that had been shredded .
the un said it would launch a flash appeal this afternoon in new york for $ 550m in aid . we ’ re out here to show that we care , that we ’ re suffering along with them. and the losses are heartbreaking , " he said at the white house . hundreds i think tempers might be frayed . mr. obama said . the united nations said it had fed 8,000 people , while two million to three million people remained in dire need . security was the biggest problem , delfin antonio rodriguez , the rescue commander from the neighbouring dominican republic , told the afp news agency .
( stephan richter/twitter ) when dozens of refugees tried to escape police officers at a hungarian camp on tuesday , one camerawoman decided to get involved . the channel ’ s editor in chief szabolcs kisberk said in a statement posted on the station ’ s website : “the camerawoman ’ s employment has today been terminated with immediate effect , the case is now closed for us. what a shame ! guess hungary knows where their media stand . she was later fired . 8 . lászló stuck her leg out in front of the man , causing him to fall on the child he was carrying .
to celebrity big brother ? learn more story_separator_special_tag it ’ s only been a matter of hours since cbs announced the cast of celebrity big brother and fans already have a lot of opinions . ! is omarosa going from the white house … .. cause i want to see some drama , and omarosa gonna bring the dayum drama . #bbceleb #whatashame#waslookingforwardtoit , � ? — emilia ( @politicalemilia ) january 29 , 2018 they could at least put @spencerpratt on celebrity big brother . another user wrote . y ’ all .
the ship ' s owner , novoship , said in a statement that the decision to free the ship was made knowing " that the crew was under safe cover inaccessible to the pirates and that the lives and health of the sailors was not threatened by anything . russian defense ministry spokesman col. shipowners and insurers have paid out tens of millions of dollars in ransoms . pirates currently hold more than 300 hostages taken from ships attacked off east story_separator_special_tag moscow ( reuters ) - russian forces freed a hijacked russian oil tanker in a helicopter-backed operation on thursday , rescuing its crew and , according to one report , killing a somali pirate .
thousands of palestinians are protesting near gaza ' s border with israel , as israel prepared ... in an announcement on facebook , the team praised the us president . but the protests appeared to have a more violent edge than in previous weeks . הנשיא … posted by ‎מועדון הכדורגל בית " ר ירושלים – f.c . many came to peacefully demonstrate , bringing their children and carrying flags . some young men brought knives and fence cutters . food stalls sold snacks and music blared . “for 70 years has jerusalem been awaiting international recognition , until president donald trump , in a courageous move , recognized jerusalem as the eternal capital of israel , ” the club wrote .
" there was a coup , " martin says . it ' s a rare collision of music and environmental regulation . a company attorney says gibson has presented documents to support that claim and that the recent raid seized legally obtained wood from india . in the hottest part of an august tennessee day last thursday , gibson guitar ceo henry juszkiewicz stood out in the full sun for 30 minutes and vented to the press about the events of the day before . we have been implicated in wrongdoing and we haven ' t been charged with anything , " he says .
anyway , dicaprio and hill mocked “titanic ” and it was funny – and i ’ m sure , somewhere , billy zane threw a shoe at his television . that ' s pretty weird . ( i don ' t mean to pick on mr. there ' s no way around it , the show just feels muddled right now . watching videos of jost doing standup , he ’ s okay , but he seems nervous . see where ' the wolf of wall street ' ranks among the 10 best movies of 2013 the episode also included a reimagining of spike jonze ' s her , with jonah hill romancing himself as the voice of his own operating system .
" this is a stunt ... " there were even rumblings from the us catholic league in anticipation of gaga ' s ' judas ' video and it ' s religious affiliations . according to metro uk , the song " born this way " was banned from radio play by the government of malaysia , too . he then sang a somewhat different tune , waving off the video as a mess and incoherent . lebanon has a history of banning entertainment they find religiously offensive ; in 2004 , they banned the tom hanks-starring big screen adaptation of " the da vinci code .
news corp. says it will close its 168-year-old u.k. tabloid news of the world , a dramatic bid to cap a scandal centered on the paper ' s controversial reporting tactics in pursuit of racy scoops . coulson didn ' story_separator_special_tag news corp. ' s deputy chief operating officer , told staff thursday that news corp. the paper accounts for significantly less than half of news corp. ... ' s finances . murdoch said . mr. news corp. news corp. news corp. also owns the wall street journal . believe more arrests are likely , according to people familiar with the matter .
a nine-year-old boy from los banos has completed quite the journey on tuesday , as he swam through the san francisco bay , all the way to alcatraz island and back . jillian savage story_separator_special_tag just keep swimming . " i wanted to turn back and they kept yelling , ' i believe you can do it , ' " james told ksee . now that this swimming feat is completed , james said his next goal is to swim the length of the golden gate bridge , which is 8,981 feet ( 2,737.4 meters ) . finally got him going .
it was the summer of 2007 and edwards was in the midst of a presidential campaign . young , a longtime aide to edwards , was with his family and didn ’ t feel like dealing with her . “somebody better be pregnant or dying , ” he said to hunter half-jokingly . he told prosecutors that in 2006 , after edwards had come home from a long trip , hunter had called edwards ’ cellphone , only to get his wife , elizabeth . edwards initially brushed off allegations he was the father of hunter ’ s baby .
story_separator_special_tag justin bieber says he is ' retiring . " i want to grow as an artist and i ' m taking a step out , i want my music to mature " -@justinbieber #justinbigboy106 — power 106 ( @power106la ) december 17 , 2013 the teen singer headed to the station tuesday to discuss his new work , " journals . uh ... related on huffpost : 16 through jan. news of bieber ' s supposed retirement plans . justin bieber i ' m retiring justin bieber -- i ' m retiring breaking hearts is done with show biz ...
seen that viral video of man punching a kangaroo in australia over the weekend ? it ' s all very intense . " the man who actually punched the kangaroo is only known as " goo , " and has kept quiet due to having a " good government job . see also : dude creates what is possibly the most australian christmas tree ever there ' s been discussion over whether the footage is fake or not , and of course , over whether it ' s okay to punch an animal in the face in self defence .
people familiar with dimon ’ s thinking said he “would love to serve his country , ” and in recent weeks dimon has had a noticeably higher profile in washington , making frequent visits to government officials and earlier this month publishing an op-ed in the washington post that story_separator_special_tag « obama to save science education ( good luck with that ! for starters , geithner isn ' t going anywhere . still , dimon is no shoo-in . the blunt-speaking banker differs from the white house on several key issues of obama ’ s financial-overhaul plan . ending the era of " too big to fail " does not mean that we must somehow cap the size of financial-services firms .
more under armour shares under pressure " under armour provided u.s. speedskating with three different suit configurations in advance of sochi , and we have full confidence in the performance benefits of each of them , " u.s. speedskating president mike plant said in a statement . per employee $ 394,417 04/16/14 f-35 fighter to make overseas ... richardson attempted to modify her suit this week . “that ' s priority number one. photo : ap . cl a u.s. the suit is unproven apart from these games and was introduced only last month . the suit became the leading suspect for the poor showing .
her profile picture is a photo of herself , and she posted a selfie in february . on election night , when it became apparent that trump would win , she tweeted , " well . her attorney told abc news that winner remains in federal custody , 13 , " according to an affidavit in support of application for her arrest warrant , written by justin c. " there are thousands and thousands of 18 to 21-year-olds doing critically important and secret work around the world . her twitter activity dropped significantly after that date . the justice department announced charges monday against winner .
" officers are increasingly concerned for josh sanchez-maldonado , " london ' s metropolitan police said in a statement . “he was kind of tired because he had just arrived , ” he said . sanchez-maldonado was last in contact the day before his disappearance . sanchez-maldonado and a cctv image from his hotel . while his family do not know the nature of the job that sanchez-maldonado had been expecting to be interviewed for – or who it was with – given his interests they believe it must have been along financial lines . his dad has this message to londoners ...
' now i might have to say , ' get a baby , get a baby , get a baby. hathaway and shulman got engaged in november 2011 after three years of dating . i figure if this kind of photo is going to be out in the world it should at least be an image that makes me happy ( and be one that was taken with my consent . " favorite oscar day ever . e ! they tied the knot in big sur , california , in september 2012. focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
” marquis wrote . it will now have a hearing and vote on october 5. ” the kenai animal shelter has six live traps it loans to residents for 14 days , hendrickson wrote in her email . “i have been a cat owner myself and have nothing against having cats as pets , ” gillis wrote . “are you prepared to increase animal control ’ s budget to support this new program ? ” holtzen wrote . the peninsula clarion reports ( http://bit.ly/2diht2m ) that current city code does not include cats on its list of animals that need to be restrained .
his supporters say he ' s being blackballed . " more than 1,000 people attended a rally in front of the nfl ' s offices in new york in support of unsigned quarterback colin kaepernick . jamal bryant says the league doesn ' t mind if black players get concussions but " they just got a problem if black players get a conscience . kaepernick refused to stand for the national anthem as a protest against police brutality and is now without a team . boycott ! critics point to his playing ability and say he should have stood .
hawaii ' s , of course . the island — often compared to paradise — scores highest on a new ranking of states by residents ' well-being . but , if that was obvious , the state that ranked second may not be : it ' s ice-cold alaska . as in prior years , well-being in the u.s. exhibits regional patterns . obesity continued to climb and more part-time employees were seeking full-time work . food and healthcare insecurity has also dropped to a seven-year low . west virginia ranked dead last , just behind kentucky . ( both states have brought up the rear since 2008.
jsoc ’ s list is not usually coordinated with the cia , which maintains a similar but shorter roster of names . created in 1980 but reinvented in recent years , jsoc has grown from 1,800 troops prior to 9/11 to as many as 25,000 , a number that fluctuates according to its mission . it also has its own cyberwarriors story_separator_special_tag the cia ’ s armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al-qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers . “we ’ re the dark matter . “the cia doesn ’ t have the size or the authority to do some of the things we can do , ” said one jsoc operator .
" she ' s competent to make the decisions that have to be made . bailiffs led that girl into the courtroom for her hearing in shackles , too . co-defendant morgan geyser was also found competent for trial on thursday . she wore black leggings and a zip-up sweatshirt over a batman t-shirt . psychologists anthony jurek and michael caldwell testified for the defense that they interviewed the girl several times . cotton then asked if bohren would order that geyser continue to be held at the winnebago mental health institute , where she has been for months and where she can continue to be monitored by doctors while attending school and seeing a social worker .
and it ' s problematic , " he said wednesday . she and her lawyers contend the astronomical bill is in retaliation for filing a wrongful death lawsuit against the agency and the queens developmental center where her brother , rasheen rose , died in 2012. " not doing so would be a violation and could put federal medicaid funding at risk , " spokeswoman jennifer o ' sullivan said . investigators found no criminal conduct but have left the case open , spokesman kevin ryan said . two years ago , a congressional oversight committee reported that with news wire services story_separator_special_tag albany , n.y.
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . story_separator_special_tag salma hayek is mourning the death of her beloved dog . " i am hoping that the washington state authorities do justice to this wonderful dog whom in 9 years never bit or attacked anyone . " hayek captioned , with the hashtags " #love , " " #dogs " and " #cuddle . watch the video below to hear what she had to say exclusively to et . the 49-year-old actress took to instagram on friday to reveal the sad news that her dog , mozart , was found fatally shot last week .
democrats sought to take control of brett kavanaugh ' s supreme court confirmation hearing tuesday , mounting a failed bid to delay president donald trump ' s nominee and interrupting republicans dozens of times as multiple activists on the left disrupted the proceedings . senate minority leader chuck schumer ( d-n.y. bush white house that were dumped late monday . but gop senators mostly calmly defended kavanaugh from what sen. “we cannot possibly move forward , mr. chairman , ” harris insisted . 4 , 2018 . cory booker , d-n.j. • the hearing foreshadowed likely democratic frustration in coming
" i think one of the really important things in life is to think about what you ' ve done rather than fixate on what you might not have done , " he said . i lost my temper and i regret that . " but a posting on his blog yesterday evening revealed he has since softened his stance . those who watched the bbc ' s six o ' clock news may have witnessed the irritation which caused the usually mild mannered correspondent to engage in this moment of rage : the placard wielder had been continually interrupting his broadcast .
, said he has cut his forecast for profit at multinational companies because of the dollar ’ s strength . invoked the rarely used “rule 48 , ” which relaxes some trading rules in a bid to ensure a smooth opening to trading . the sector lagged behind the broader market in 2014 , with the russell 2000 index ending the year up 3.5 % compared with the s&p 500 ’ s 11.4 % rise . new york stock exchange operator nyse group inc. u.s. economic data tuesday also helped sour investor sentiment . baird .
" first of all , when you got a family , and you ' ve got a job , " he said , " you ' ve got to be able to support your family . muir and his officers have given simoff rides to work in the past . instant fame bestowed both financial boon and inevitable complications . ben carson drops campaign for book tour . at 3 : 30 p.m. he just walks . but simoff ’ s community often helps him on his way . will it hurt his polls ? , simoff leaves his basement apartment in davis city , mo .
and although taking the job will require him and his wife to move afterall , it ’ s only to the next state over . decades ago , in 1982 , vaudreuil received an associate ’ s degree in aeronautical engineering but never sought a job in his chosen field . — has finally gotten his payoff . you either jump off , or you fight for your life. ” advertisement “i really haven ’ t lost sight of the eye-on-the-prize type of thinking , ” he told the daily herd , a campus news site . coming full circle custodian-turned-engineer michael vaudreuil hired by aerospace firm pratt &amp; whitney • for years , he hustled juggling a full schedule of classes with a full-time , second-shift custodial job .
said wednesday that he expects the trump administration to move forward with a vaccine safety commission and that president trump pledged that he was “not going to back down ” if the drug industry objected to the commission . kennedy jr. the study doesn ’ story_separator_special_tag w ashington — prominent vaccine skeptic robert f. hours later kennedy , the son of the late us attorney general , is a longtime environmental activist . his claims have been denounced repeatedly by medical organizations and physicians . newsletters sign up for our morning rounds newsletter please enter a valid email address .
schock ' s apple-pie looks serve only to emphasize his youth ; combine that with his conservative views and it ' s hard to miss his resemblance to a certain alex p. congress is one place where the simple quality of being young is newsworthy . other gop fresh faces include louisiana gov . tmz trails him like a pop star . but at 6 : 30 a.m. bobby jindal and rep. john dingell ( d-mich. millionaires , all . keaton . eric cantor of virginia . " i didn ' t think you could get a real workout from a dvd .
but on lew ' s last night , those efforts escalated into alleged acts of violence and humiliation , according to the charges heard . the marine corps does not tolerate hazing of any kind , " hill said . they allegedly kicked lew in the back , punched and kicked him in the head and forced him to do push-ups , side planks and other exercises in full combat gear before warning him he was going to get his " ass beat . in august , the marines recommended charges against lance cpls . a trial date for sgt .
” in rivers ’ book , “i hate everyone . starting with me " that she hoped for " a huge showbiz affair with lights , cameras , action " and " hollywood all the way . the cause of death is being investigated . “she was my hero ” — and the “crazy aunt at a bar mitzvah , ’ ’ the shock jock said of rivers , who died thursday at age 81. fashion designers carolina herrera and michael kors were there . file - in this feb. 62nd st. in the intense , high-stakes ...
" that ' s what we ' ve learned over the years . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . ' " but rogen didn ' t just diss that promising-sounding but poorly received film . you ' ve got to take that into consideration. play to your strengths . " we were making it for america and china at the same time , " goldberg added . " we shouldn ' t make expensive movies where he can ' t just do a million dick jokes , " rogen cracked .
“i was just like , that ’ s crazy . bachman says he passed out in the van and after two hours woke up to the driver telling him they were on their way to new jersey . a hefty $ 1,635.93 . , was visiting friends late last week near west virginia university and had been drinking at a fraternity party . no fear ! [ first came uberpool . more than 300 miles away . " and i ' m thinking , ' why the f --- am i in the car next to some random ass dude i don ' t even know ?
“they had to – physically with their hands – break through the ice and chop through the ice , so that they could get to the area where they knew the child would most likely be in by the opening in the ice , ” said healy . “he ’ s a good kid , he ’ s a really great kid . “it doesn ’ t surprise me at all , ” neighbor angela vargas said . . . two firefighters were also treated for hypothermia . , officials said . ” despite cpr efforts on the scene and on the way to jamaica hospital medical center , mcclean was pronounced dead .
ozzy osbourne is bearing down on the infamous westboro baptist church for using his song ' crazy train ' during protests of gays in the military , e ! maybe something from ozzy ' s diary of a mad man would have been more appropriate . " they looked pretty pleased with themselves for thinking that one up , too . the british rock god released a statement saying he was " disgusted " by a kansas-based church ' s choice to perform his music on the steps of the united states supreme court on wednesday . theo wargo/getty images ozzy osbourne sounds ready to bite somebody ' s head off .
conditions varied widely with temperatures hovering story_separator_special_tag more than 3,000 flights were cancelled after the northeast was socked wednesday with a winter storm packing snow , freezing rain and ice . as a result , people from virginia to maine will need to watch this one carefully . the upcoming storm could be the most intense , and correspondingly the most disruptive , of the recent barrage especially as the storm nears and moves along the atlantic coast . " only perk of going to school in boston : snow dayssssssss , " facebook user carla torres posted . gov .
that and in the statement , lucas says disney is moving the franchise in exciting directions . " it ' s even been said that he liked the movie and attended its premiere . i remember coming out of a screening and somebody telling me how great they thought my performance was and that there was a potential for me to be nominated . lucas has apologized ... do you recognise yourself ? not really . 24. story_separator_special_tag george lucas , right , speaking with charlie rose . and i don ' t have the control to do that anymore .
” meyer indicated his text was prompted by some inaccuracies which have swirled about hernandez ' treatment while a player at florida . • hernandez had so infuriated his head coach , bill belichick , with missed practices and thug-life stunts , that he was one misstep from being cut . ... " the magazine released a preview of the story online tuesday . he played in 10 games in the 2012 season , catching 51 passes for 483 yards and five touchdowns . solotaroff conducted interviews with family friends , high school teammates and nfl sources to help explain why the potential nfl great was ensnared by drugs , guns and a life of violence .
" cole said she and former gov . he had sent her a letter with the proof of a gun purchase , claimed to have had an affair with palin and wrote , in letters of up to 10 pages long , that " he is trying to follow god but has evil in him , and that he is going to sell everything and come to alaska with his shotgun , " according to the court order . palin attorney thomas van flein said christy did not attend the hearing . staying silent doesn ’ t help anybody.
now , thicke ' s sons claim callau is insisting that the prenup she signed is invalid . the boys say their dad left tanya 25 percent of his personal effects , 40 percent of his remaining estate , a $ 500k life insurance policy and said she could live at the ranch . the sons say tanya also wants more because she claims to have given up her own career to support alan and help raise his youngest son , carter . " may 16 , 6 : 00 p.m. updated with a statement from tanya callau thicke ' s attorney
in the moving essay , amy called jason “an easy man to fall in love with , ” described him as a “sharp dresser ” and an “absolutely wonderful father ” to their three children . it ’ s been 15 months since the chicago author died from ovarian cancer on march 13 , 2017. " to this day i have memories of those final weeks that haunt me , " he shared . thank you very much. i ’ m not such a big guy , but my arms looked and felt so big and healthy compared to amy ’ s frail body.
( associated press ) a portion of president donald trump ' s first proposed that would take the budget down to about $ 5.7 billion , its story_separator_special_tag during his remarks , trump repeated a claim that the u.s. has spent $ 6 trillion on wars in the middle east in the last sixteen years . is there any reason to think the outcome will be different this time around ? within epa alone , 50 programs and 3,200 positions would be eliminated . environmental programs , medical research , amtrak and an ... ( associated press ) president donald trump ' s first proposed budget , released by the office story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
” “he fell from the second story of the building . our thoughts and prayers are with jim ’ s loved ones , friends , and colleagues , ” sony ’ s tristar pictures division said in a statement . click here to return to the page you were visiting . ( photo : lacey terrell ) a man working on the mister rogers film starring tom hanks has died after an on-set fall in mount lebanon , pennsylvania , located about 20 miles southeast of pittsburgh . but which blockbusters did he turn down ? ” staff writer madasyn czebiniak contributed .
“we were beside ourselves with worry , ” liao said . it was then that doctors noticed the piece of chopstick in his brain . “after removing the remaining six centimeters his condition improved immediately , but he does have a brain infection so will be staying in the hospital for further treatment , ” dr. li shaovi told cen . hanhang , 1 , was walking around with a chopstick when he tripped and fell , according to cen . tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
an official for a hospital in omaha , nebraska , said the carson campaign volunteer , 25-year-old braden joplin , died late tuesday afternoon . " people are just mean , and they just say things to try to hurt people . ben carson speaks to the media before a town hall event at bob jones university in greenville , s.c. a volunteer for carson ' s ... america lost one of those bright young men today . he had attended robert e. pic.twitter.com/p87tcnd44p — dr. lee high school in midland file - in this nov. " and i hope his death will not be in vain .
she told me to wait . around the same time , i ' d became aware of a funny stiffness in a spot on my own body . put your arms in the air , she said . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . where was that thing you felt that isn ' t anything , she asked ? the waiting-moment stretched out , and out , and out , and finally she returned . i drove back to the clinic . i was too nervous to eat , but not too nervous yet to tweet .
a husband and wife returned home from a caribbean cruise with identical souvenirs from their vacation : parasitic infections that caused itchy , red rashes on the couple ' s backsides , according to a report of their case . most people infected with hookworms have no symptoms . hookworm infection is mainly acquired by walking barefoot on contaminated soil . one kind of hookworm can also be transmitted through the ingestion of larvae . nor a high percentage of dogs and cats are infected with hookworm , especially strays , said dr. rex 4/50 24 february 2018 oxford university boat club race in preparation for the cancer research uk boat race 2018 , oxford university boat club race oxford brookes university in london , england .
nato ' s supreme allied commander , us general curtis scaparrotti , who also heads the us military ' s european command , told lawmakers in washington on thursday that he had witnessed russia ' s influence grow in many regions , including in afghanistan . according to but that claim has been refuted by coalition forces . american army capt . william k. kabulov in 2015 said that russia was exchanging information with the taliban and saw shared interest with them when it comes to fighting the daesh ( isis or isil ) terror group . afghan national army commandos in helmand province on oct.
in the proposal , the commission calls its 2015 net neutrality ruling a “misguided and legally flawed approach. it also argues that small web companies need not worry , because any deal made between a large web company , like google , and an isp would need to be consistent with antitrust laws . there ’ s really only one rule left here : that isps have to publicly disclose when they ’ re doing these things . ” removing these rules , the commission now argues , will “facilitate critical broadband investment and innovation by removing regulatory uncertainty and lowering compliance costs.
" mcdonald ' s is committed to using our scale for good and working to find sustainable solutions for plastic straws globally , " francesca debiase , mcdonald ' s executive vice president of global supply chain and sustainability , said in a statement . it will do the same later this year in a number of restaurants in the u.s. the change , which will begin to take effect in september , follows trials of paper straws at select locations . media playback is unsupported on your device media caption will mccallum on ten ways to cut down on plastics in some other countries , straws are being offered on request only .
ai weiwei ' s wife lu qing was taken by chinese police to meet her husband on sunday afternoon . ai is famous in artistic circles for performance pieces that explored the dizzying change of contemporary china and for irreverent , avant garde works such as a photo series that shows him giving the middle finger to landmarks such as tiananmen square in beijing and the white house in washington . ai has been allowed his first family visit after more ... " i could see redness in his eyes . ( associated press ) file - in this nov.
according to a dallas police report lane was driving with her husband when she stopped at a red light at northwest highway and ferndale in dallas . randall lane then got out of the car and opened the driver ' s side door . the condition of her husband is not known . mary lane dragged her husband down the road , causing him to break both legs and injure his head , police said . mary lane is being held in dallas county jail on $ 20,000 bail . she was arrested for intoxication assault , although the charge was later reduced to driving while intoxicated .
related : nasa ' s ' flying saucer ' in pictures photos posted on the cia website include an unexplained sighting above minneapolis in 1960 and another story_separator_special_tag the cia declassified hundreds of documents in 1978 detailing the agency ’ s investigations into unidentified flying objects ( ufos ) . while most of these encounters were likely weird cloud formations , lightning or even missile tests rather than little green men , they still inspire countless conspiracy theories . it netted a 6.1 rating among adults 18-49 and 16.2 million viewers . below you will find five documents we think x-files character agent fox mulder would love to use to try and persuade others of the existence of extraterrestrial activity .
everyone ' s heard that the panda cam at the national zoo has powered down , but that ' s hardly the most serious consequence of a shutdown . officials have been looking for 63-year-old jo elliott-blakeslee for about a week . " unfortunately , almost everybody is gone , " he said of his office . there are two classes of federal workers to consider . ( andrew harrer/bloomberg ) . they were to continue the search wednesday . the nih , for example , has had to furlough 14,700 employees - or 75 percent of its staff - as a result of the shutdown , burklow told abcnews.com .
eksote ' s aim in combining home care with posti ' s services is to improve its clients ' ability to function and quality of life at home . the idea for the lawn mowing service came from mail delivery employees . customers will be able to order the weekly half-hour trim for a monthly fee of 65 euros . the company explained the choice of service time by noting that mail volumes on tuesday are typically lower than on other days . posti has been looking for ways to tackle a falling demand for its mail services in recent years .
it was my decision because it was in the best interest of the carolina panthers . " he also said he would welcome hardy back . ap photo/patrick semansky " that ' s what we ' ve decided as a team , and that ' s what we ' re doing . panthers star greg hardy deactivated over domestic violence conviction panthers star greg hardy -- deactivated ... story_separator_special_tag charlotte , n.c. " absolutely , " davis said . asked how they balance that between the public outcry for him not to be allowed to play , center ryan kalil tried to put it into perspective .
knew that we are here and available and didn ' t have that fear of using us . a st. on sunday , december 20 , the mother , kathleen m. so you know he ' s an angel in heaven right now . read more they told officers they had been manufacturing in the home the week preceding their son ' s death . one of those neighbors ran to see if she could help . louis crisis nursery . charles police said . hyperthermia is an elevated body temperature that happens when a body produces or absorbs more heat than it can release .
24 , 2016 file photo , 3-month-old esther kamilly has her head measured by brazilian and u.s. health workers from the united states ' centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) at her home in joao pessoa , brazil , as part of a study on the zika virus and the birth defect ... all had mothers with suspected zika virus infections during the first trimester of pregnancy . some 4,000 infants were recently born with microcephaly , according to reports . pediatricians and health systems across the americas also will have to prepare to care for babies with extensive disabilities .
” ramer said american indian seniors four years ago wore feathers to the school ’ s graduation , but because it was a surprise to the school , no action was taken . “i think this is ridiculous . “i never signed that paper , ” she said . “i turned in my cap and gown and they just looked at me , ” ramer said . it forbid any “extraneous items during graduation exercises. ramer still does not have her diploma . the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public .
) ” that ’ s what president obama told lawmakers sept. ” he added : “we ’ re not going to have 100 percent of democratic senators [ support the bill ] , that ’ s why it needs to be bipartisan. obama knows it . at first obama interpreted the midterm election losses as a call plus , michael tomasky on obama ' s new centrist battle plan . ” even though it substantially raises taxes . ( applause . obama nixed it . everything . mr. the populist reincarnation of president obama since labor day — with his stinging attacks on tax-coddled millionaires , corporate-jet owners , and oil companies — emerged from a moment of reflection during a summer of discontent .
and in september , 11 people were killed and 44 hospitalized after a man drove an suv deliberately into people at a plaza in the central province of hunan , before jumping out and attacking victims with a dagger and shovel . go to the legal help page to request content changes for legal reasons . he described the crash as " a major traffic accident " and that the cause was under investigation . the attackers ' most common motivations are identified as mental illness or alienation from society and a desire to settle scores . it wasn ' t clear if the crash was a deliberate attack or whether the driver was swerving to avoid obstacles in front of him .
to inform suicide prevention efforts , cdc analyzed suicide by occupational group , by ascribing occupational codes to 12,312 suicides in 17 states in 2012 from the national violent death reporting system ( nvdrs ) ( 2 ) . or for mathematicians . it ' s not the first time a suicide problem has been noted for some of the jobs . the second highest rate for women was in the legal profession . mechanics were close behind . file - in this aug. suicide is far more common in males , and the rankings largely reflect the male suicide rates for each group .
( universal pictures ) given that “spider-man ” is getting its third reboot since 2002 , it ’ s a small miracle that universal waited as long as it did to resurrect 1999 ’ s wildly successful sleeper hit “the mummy. sorry for the mixed monster metaphor , but this is one massive mess of a movie . still with me ? related 2017 summer movie preview : from superhero blockbusters to oscar hopefuls webslingers to ' wonder woman , ' angry apes to angrier aliens and even a few prestige movies – your complete blockbuster guide in a gender flip , the title role originated by boris karloff in 1932 is played by algerian actress sofia boutella ( kingsman : the secret service ) .
, president of the american board of trial advocates and a member of california ’ s judicial council , which sets policy for state courts , called the added language " a great thing for justice here in california . mark robinson jr. cynics among the public will probably compare the new oath to extracting a vow of gentility from a shark , and some specialists in legal ethics doubt that it will deter any uncivil behavior . new lawyers previously have been required to say this oath : “i solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that i will support the constitution of the united states and the constitution of the state of california , and that i will faithfully discharge the duties of an attorney and counselor at law to the best of my knowledge and ability.
story_separator_special_tag sally struthers arrested for drunk driving sally struthers -- arrested for drunk driving exclusive was arrested for drunk driving in maine yesterday ... she has been performing at the ogunquit playhouse in the musical " 9 to 5 . tmz has learned.we ' ve learned ... she was charged with criminal operating under the influence and posted $ 160 bail . there is no risk of jail time.struthers ' arraignment is set for december 14. the 65-year-old struthers is best known for her role as gloria stivic in the 1970s tv sitcom " all in the family " and later for heart-tugging ads seeking money for children ' s charities .
" duke , who unsuccessfully ran for president as a democrat in 1988 and later served in the louisiana house of representatives , noted trump ' s experience as a salesman and his " great sense " of what people want to buy . his campaign sent back all but $ 2,700 because it was more than he was allowed to take under federal election law , but she wishes he had kept it all . express users can use their account to give to any candidate or organization on actblue . mr. the best part ? the two returning republican presidential ...
story_separator_special_tag new delhi : the delhi police have arrested abu jundal , one of the key conspirators and handlers in the 26/11 mumbai terror attacks . - do a good job … support your partner . nine gunmen were also killed . sources said this was an operation managed at a diplomatic level and involved many central agencies . after initial denials , pakistan acknowledged that the assault had been partially planned on its territory and that qasab was a pakistani citizen . he is the first lashkar-e-taiba ( let ) operative to be arrested after ajmal kasab . - if there is any problem , if the pressure builds up , shoot them .
here ' s a round-up of the world ' s 10 most valuable brands : 1. adidas led the ranking in brand value growth , increasing 58 percent on the strength of its on-trend fashion and its initiatives to raise brand popularity in the us . technology dominates apple and google remained the no . the company has transformed itself from a simple search engine to an all-encompassing lifestyle brand , said doreen wang , global head of brandz . close click a tile to open it , ' x ' to close it or check the circles to create a custom pdf select brands and click tab to compare rankings values categories #1 $ 245,581 m #2 $ 234,671 m #3 $ 143,222 m #4 $ 139,286 m #5 $ 129,800 m #6 $ 115,112 m #7 $ 110,999 m #8 $ 108,292 m #9 $ 102,088 m #10 $ 97,723 m #11 $ 89,279 m #12 $ 87,519 m #13 $ 78,142 m #14 $ 59,127 m #15 $ 58,424 m #16 $ 58,275 m #17 $ 56,535 m #18 $ 52,040 m #19 $ 50,208 m #20 $ 49,928 m #21 $ 45,194 m #22 $ 44,230 m #23 $ 41,808 m #24 $ 40,327 m #25 $ 38,493 m #26 $ 34,185 m #27 $ 31,602 m #28 $ 31,570 m #29 $ 29,242 m #30 $ 28,660 m #31 $ 27,934 m #32 $ 27,243 m #33 $ 27,037 m #34 $ 25,135 m #35 $ 24,559 m #36 $ 24,150 m #37 $ 24,007 m #38 $ 23,899 m #39 $ 23,559 m #40 $ 23,513 m #41 $ 23,416 m #42 $ 22,312 m #43 $ 22,002 m #44 $ 21,919 m #45 $ 21,713 m #46 $ 21,359 m #47 $ 21,145 m #48 $ 20,536 m #49 $ 20,388 m #50 $ 20,197 m #51 $ 19,441 m #52 $ 19,156 m #53 $ 18,944 m #54 $ 18,770 m #55 $ 18,727 m #56 $ 18,551 m #57 $ 18,346 m #58 $ 17,740 m #59 $ 17,580 m #60 $ 17,437 m #61 $ 17,260 m #62 $ 17,180 m #63 $ 17,137 m #64 $ 16,983 m #65 $ 16,785 m #66 $ 16,725 m #67 $ 16,278 m #68 $ 16,257 m #69 $ 16,026 m #70 $ 15,844 m #71 $ 15,202 m #72 story_separator_special_tag global top 100 rises 8 % , 152 % over 12 years technology brands drive value growth top-line , year-on-year changes the 2017 brandz™ top 100 most valuable global brands increased 8 percent in brand value year-on-year , to $ 3.6 trillion , following a 3 percent increase a year ago .
' and i took a look at her , and i think i said something crazy like , ' i love you . joan lee , the wife of marvel comics legend stan lee , died thursday in los angeles . " in those days , the quickest way to get divorced was to move to nevada and stay for six weeks to establish residency . she also had a role in 2016 ’ s “x-men : apocalypse. entertainment posted an update on his twitter account . 5 , 1947. the perfect woman . stan cited joan as inspiration for the burgeoning fantastic four project he co-created with jack kirby in 1961.
a verdict in the new appeal , which began in september , is expected on january 30 , and will still have to be considered by italy ’ s high court before this case is finally closed . they currently stand convicted of kercher ’ s murder after their acquittals were reversed . “i will not willingly submit myself to injustice . knox has remained at her home in seattle during the proceedings in italy . – a fugitive . on thursday the 29-year-old italian sat in court as his defence lawyer argued that he was the innocent victim of a deeply flawed prosecution and should be allowed to walk free .
story_separator_special_tag ted haggard to play celebrity wife swap he weathered a sex and drug scandal but can he handle celebrity wife swap?evangelical pastor ted haggard will appear on the upcoming celebrity version of abc ' s wife swap , the show ' s producers confirmed to people wednesday.he ' s reportedly swapping spouses with actor gary busey.haggard , 55 , and his wife , gayle , remain married even after haggard admitted in late 2006 to paying a male masseuse for sex and using crystal meth . this would be new . the show is scheduled to shoot thursday at the glbt pride center in colorado springs .
( associated press ) the monumental chestnut tree that cheered anne frank while she was in hiding from the nazis was toppled by wind and heavy rain on monday . " she also wrote : " as long as this exists , ... 23 , 1944 . " you have to bow your head to the facts . parts of the tree , located on a residential property adjacent to the anne frank house , were later being offered for sale on dutch auction website marktplaats.nl . and i may " the institute said it didn ' t know why the support structure had failed .
gilad shalit , in a brief but controversial interview with egyptian tv before being transferred to israel , said he was " very excited to taste freedom and had missed his family and friends . sgt . schalit said his son is still suffering from shrapnel wounds he suffered during his 2006 abduction by hamas militants . ” photo another was wafa al-bass , who has been in prison since 2005 when she used the chance for treatment at an israeli hospital as a pretext to bring a suicide belt through the erez crossing — trying to explode it when caught .
" it says ' nyc ' on it , so that ' s certainly a big part of its appeal , but it ' s also popular because it ' s a very democratic symbol , " said sarah henry , a historian with the museum of the city of new york , which featured the token prominently in its recent exhibition entitled " nycentury " on the city ' s symbols . emptying tokens from turnstiles and delivering them to token booths is time-consuming and expensive . bus fare boxes will accept tokens ( plus 50 cents ) until december 31.
he said by midday , however , security officials interviewed on libyan television said that there were no hostages and that at least two of the attackers had been killed . a car exploded in the hotel parking lot , although it was unclear whether the cause was a bomb , a rocket-propelled grenade or some kind of missile . mr. 27 , 2015. but most foreigners have fled as the country has descended into chaos and armed conflict since last summer . he spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to reporters .
" there are simply no words to convey the sorrow felt by our students and staff , nor are there sufficient answers to explain the loss of five vibrant teenagers from our schools and this community , " irvine unified school district superintendent terry walker said in a statement . one of the car ' s occupants was thrown partway out of the car , while the four others were hurled out completely , police said . they called the memorial day wreck in newport beach the single worst solo-car crash in memory . abdulrahman and all his passengers were killed .
" i love the town that i live in , " bristol said . bristol became pregnant at 17 , and at 20 , is now a single mother to her son . he ' s healthy . plainspoken and disarmingly down to earth , bristol offers new insight and understanding of who she is and what she values most . bristol talks about the highs and lows of her appearance on abc-tv ’ s dancing with the stars , including the aching hours of practice , the biting criticisms , and the thrill of getting to the show ’ s finals .
" that is the only office i would consider , " he said later of the vice presidency , noting that he wouldn ' t want to be a supreme court justice . the third-term kyl was first elected to the senate in 1994. , in the club of lawmakers who will find themselves less constrained in decision-making as a result of coming departure . " kyl , 68 , served four terms in the house before winning a senate seat . kyl becomes the fifth senator and second republican to retire ahead of the 2012 cycle . story_separator_special_tag arizona sen.
” google is search . it offered me a choice of potential questions it thought i might want to ask : “are jews a race ? “autocomplete predictions are algorithmically generated based on users ’ search activity and interests . ” google did not comment on its decision to alter some but not all those raised in the article . it ’ s the verb , to google . this means that sometimes unpleasant portrayals of sensitive subject matter online can affect what search results appear for a given query . and then “j-e-w-s ” . these results don ’ t reflect google ’ s own opinions or beliefs – as a company , we strongly value a diversity of perspectives , ideas and cultures .
levine auction and appraisal in scottsdale . " the full forensic report is available . , june 5 , 2017 / prnewswire/ -- a rare , lost jackson pollock painting is going up for auction on tuesday , june 20 at j. levine expects the painting to sell between $ 10 million and $ 15 million . " one of the finds , a kenneth noland diamond-shaped acrylic painting titled " replace ! a journey from new york to sun city levine walked through the connection from pollock to the sun city homeowner , whose name is not being released .
the nucleus from the donor ' s egg is discarded , and the one from the mother is inserted in its place . the complexes are named complex i , complex ii , complex iii , complex iv , and complex v. but they also contain a little bit of dna . zhang has been working on a way to story_separator_special_tag alana saarinen loves playing golf and the piano , listening to music and hanging out with friends . in humans , most genes are found in dna in the cell ' s , called nuclear dna . she was conceived through a pioneering infertility treatment in the usa which was later banned .
objective to compare the prevalence of dementia in the united states in 2000 and 2012. “more years of education was associated with a lower risk for dementia , and average years of education increased significantly , ” they wrote . that ' s according to a study published monday in jama internal medicine . westend61 / getty images dr. nov. breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . while 11.6 percent of americans aged 65 and older had dementia , based on standardized tests , the rate fell to 8.8 percent in 2012.
a chart from the halo study that shows how nice male gamers were to other males ( dotted line ) and females ( solid line ) during gameplay . in contrast , lower-skilled players behaved submissively towards a male-voiced player in the identical scenario . https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0131613 editor : giovanni ponti , universidad de alicante , italy received : january 17 , 2015 ; accepted : june 3 , 2015 ; published : july 15 , 2015 copyright : © 2015 kasumovic , kuznekoff . men always treat each other about the same . this difference in gender-directed behaviour became more extreme with poorer focal-player performance .
this indicates that your browser is using a secure connection ( " https " ) to communicate with the website and ensure that the information you send remains private . and https should really be automatic for all facebook users , not an opt-in buried in one of facebook ' s famously labyrinthine settings menus . we also want to bring the benefits of social design to experiences where you wouldn ' t traditionally expect them , like account security . the vast majority of people who have used facebook have never experienced a security problem . in addition , we ' ve created some advanced features you can use to help protect yourself even more , such as remote logout and one-time passwords .
“they were in sweats and it looked like they hadn ’ t touched their hair in a while , ” said stephenson . the 26-year-old woman had 3. the girls had stolen one of their mother ’ s cars and had driven “straight through boston , new york , and some of the most scary places they could have been , ” the mom of the older girl told the bangor daily news . hopefully more people will speak up when something seems off. 25. , became suspicious on nov. ” if her daughter-to-be were ever missing , she thought , she would want someone to help .
britain ' s prince harry and meghan markle pose for the media in the grounds of kensington palace in london , monday nov. markle ' s future sister-in-law the duchess of cambridge , who is married to prince william , said she was " absolutely thrilled . ( eddie ... 27 , 2017. " the church of england nevertheless allows the remarriage of divorced people newspapers hailed news of the engagement as a breath of fresh air and symbol of a modernizing monarchy . such a sentence story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) meghan markle intends to become a uk citizen , the british royal family has announced , confirming that the american actor ' s marriage to prince harry would take place at windsor castle in may next year .
it was kristina chesterman ' s bucket list . she ’ ll need to visit all of the continents and sky dive , to name a few . " comfort came from the family of jayden kirby , of fremont , who might have died as an infant had he not received a part of kristina chesterman ' s liver . flying a plane was on it ; so was running through a poppy field and breaking up a fight between two boys over her affections . ... jayden and christina share the same birth stone and that gem is embeded into the bracelet .
” lee ’ s father has now been drawing a picture for his grandchildren , astro , arthur and allan , every day for over a year . in this way , the reality mingles with the feelings of each of us . in the four-minute clip , lee explains that his 75-year-old dad is korean , but lives in brazil . learn more 14. unfortunately , it didn ’ t work . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . many polish people share the same experience . despite the relatively close distance between the countries , family ties tend to weaken .
president obama on tuesday called on congress to find budget cuts and tax changes to delay the sequester for a few more months until congress finds “a smarter solution. irwin writes , " the u.s. government took in about $ 7,000 in revenue for every man , woman and child in the united states last year . this isn ’ t so . “republicans have twice voted to replace these arbitrary cuts with common-sense cuts and reforms that protect our national defense . it ' s the deficit . ” the sequester is story_separator_special_tag speaker john boehner is signaling he will not accept revenue increases that president barack obama is expected to propose to delay the automatic spending cuts that take hold at the beginning of march .
the backlash became so pitched on tuesday that mr shkreli agreed to lower the price of daraprim to an " affordable level " . he skipped several grades in school and received a degree in business from new york ' s baruch college in 2004. but there ' s a much bigger problem than shkreli here : the skyrocketing cost of generic drugs . the fund would be his launch pad for founding biotech firms including turing . so how did a rap music-loving , former hedge fund manager suddenly become the target of online ridicule and even death threats ?
story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption borat arrives in london in 2006 , for the premiere of his film sacha baron cohen has offered to pay fines for six czech tourists who were arrested in kazakhstan for wearing nothing but ' borat ' -inspired mankinis . then others would have drawn lessons ! " where are the men of astana ? " facebook user bulat sapargaliyevich said . " bek zhanturin added . they were fined 22,500 tenge ( $ 67.7 ) each . kazakhstan banned the film and sales of the dvd and the authorities threatened to sue him .
criticized by members of his own party at times , he won praise from tea party activists for leading the gop ' s push to shut down the federal government during an unsuccessful bid to block funding for president barack obama ' s health care law . " if you win , that means snowflake will finally get a backyard to pee in , " cruz said his daughter told him . cruz plans ... they say he is done exploring and is now ready to become the first republican presidential candidate . jeb bush , wisconsin gov . cruz has left little doubt about his 2016 intentions in recent weeks .
( associated press ) demonstrators run away from tear gas during a demo in athens on tuesday june 28 , 2011. greece ' s beleaguered government is bracing for a 48-hour general strike as lawmakers debate a ... ” in brussels , european union officials said they were working on contingency plans , including an effort to persuade the greek opposition leader antonis samaras of the new democracy party to support the measures . prime minister george a. robopoulos added . workers across greece walked off the job tuesday at the start of ... the protests in syntagma square in front of parliament began peacefully but turned violent as groups of youths on the fringes began throwing rocks , firebombs and firecrackers .
so it was no wonder that a russian tv channel , zvezda ( " star " ) , claimed that putin ' s face could be seen in the outlines of a swarm of birds flying above new york . you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history . learn more while many are quick to condemn the video as a fake , a number of russian youtube users think the event is a message . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
according to a letter published today in the journal , current biology , scientists report that the chernobyl disaster area is home to a rich and varied wildlife community , indicating that the mere presence of people is more damaging to wildlife than is radiation poisoning . image copyright valeriy yurko image caption researchers think wolves ; doi : 10.1098/rsbl.2008.0778 ) . ( sting [ vectorisation ] , mtruch [ english translation ] , makeemlighter [ english translation ] ) . and measuring the levels of radioactive contamination in those tracks . and prof smith says the picture from this study reveals what happens in terms of wildlife conservation " when you take humans out of the picture " .
" richard steele told investigators he and his parents were attacked after they moved a wood stove in the cabin and exposed a hive of bees , espinoza said . steele , who was already dead . he was taken to laredo memorial hospital , about 80 miles from the ranch , and was released tuesday , she said . william “w.t. the usda advises untrained individuals against trying to remove swarms . the steeles had gone to the ranch , which judy steele described as “way out in the middle of jones ranch , ” for the day .
" we ' re bonded for life ; she ' s got part of me in her , " zink said . zink has fully recovered from the surgery , and ms. holcomb was reluctant at first but ultimately accepted her offer . view our policies by clicking here . zink told fox 47 news . both say the other is the hero of this story . zink then called holcomb to tell her . zink says that she didn ' t think twice when it came to giving holcomb a kidney after she saw the patient ' s start to fail .
however , wedge partners analyst brian blair said earlier this week that his company doesn ' t " believe that rim has much to offer . he is slashing costs . the mobile company is expected to post a net loss for the first fiscal quarter and could continue those troubles in the coming quarters . meetings with both of them present were rare , say former rim executives and people who dealt with the company . " we see a steep drop off in revenues and units near term , story_separator_special_tag waterloo , ontario — as the blackberry smartphone fell steadily further behind app-loaded rivals like the iphone in recent years , it was time for an unambiguous response from the chief executive ' s office .
.......... “they had been in the store on a prior date and were asking questions about the jewelry in the store , ” williams said . according to lt. everybody here knows somebody else , so it ' s a family aspect and it ' s concerning when something happens to another merchant downtown . at diva diamonds on tuesday afternoon , employees declined to comment , saying police advised them not to talk to anyone about the investigation . story_separator_special_tag .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
in the senate , backers of the bill said that the expansion of rights for concealed handgun permit holders was appropriate . pat mccrory ' s desk . the bill now goes to gov . also , sheriffs will have to keep a record and show cause when they reject a handgun permit application . " you can have difference in outcomes in wake county versus mecklenburg . rep. sen. jacqueline schaffer , r-mecklenburg . thom goolsby , r-new hanover , noted that those who obtain such permits go through extra training and background checks . the republican-backed bill approved by both the house and senate on tuesday allows concealed-carry permit holders to take firearms into bars and restaurants and other places where alcohol is served as long as the owner doesn ' t expressly forbid it .
mexican army soldiers escort a 14-year-old suspected of working as a killer for a drug cartel in the city of cuernavaca , mexico , friday dec. his first name is edgar , but aol news is withholding his last name because he is underage . marco adame castillo said the boy was born in san diego , california , and mexican officials were researching whether he has dual nationality . their mother sent them money for the tickets , she said , but it was not clear where their parents are . neither has been formally charged . morelos gov .
she was diagnosed with the condition at the age of three and had two colostomy bags fitted in 2010 , after her bowel ruptured . it makes it so for the rest of their story_separator_special_tag bethany townsend is already a role model , and soon she will be a successful model too . bethany suffers from crohn ’ s disease . " my husband always said to me , ' if we go on holiday , i want you to wear a bikini . ' i ' m not gonna see these people again , that ' s how i looked at it .
thank you for reading . kelly/ap ) more than 100 officers from the virginia state police , albemarle county police and university of virginia police were prepared to assist charlottesville police in maintaining order . ” the rally was held to protest the city ’ s decision this year to remove a statue of confederate gen. if you are a current 7-day subscriber you are granted an all-access pass to the website and digital newspaper replica . “they lee encountered a loud and angry counterprotest saturday afternoon . ( ryan m. robert e. some of the klan members arrived armed , carrying handguns in holsters at their belts .
“there ’ s a lot of things to worry about . she then became a teaching assistant in montessori schools , including one in maryland . she moved to st. ” the search for upp has been complicated and slowed by the hurricane and by poor cellphone service on the island . but she was left with plenty of questions . who am i now ? you must select a newsletter to subscribe to . please try again later . invalid email address . speigel said . members of her family , who declined to be interviewed , instead released a statement emphasizing the unknown nature of her present condition : “our beloved hannah has disappeared .
the clashes between state elections officials and advocacy groups are a byproduct of the u.s. supreme court ' s 2010 ruling in citizens united vs. they either abstained entirely or were slow to open their checkbooks . at the federal level , political action committees are required to report their contributors , but so far the nonprofits are not . text size - + reset allen on democratic super pacs shortly after election day , house minority leader nancy pelosi , new york sen. winning changes everything . scott , among others . bloomberg and albertsons supermarket scion joseph p.
police said he was alert and conscious in the hospital as of tuesday morning . " it ' s very difficult . " i ’ m praying for a miracle that aaden will be found alive but also praying for the family and comfort for them however this tragedy turns out , " djuana beamont , a family friend , said . officers rushed to the scene and saw moreno jump . officials said there are challenges to searching the river , which changes courses . middletown police ask anyone with information on the baby ' s whereabouts to call the police department at 860-638-4000 .
“it ’ s the body was in a state of decomposition and the person ' s gender was unknown at the time , according to lt. last i heard he got away. he assumed it was a sewage leak and called out a plumber to check it out . corina . , ” asked constance fullwood . ( published saturday , aug. 11 , 2018 . #breaking a horror film come to life in #lancaster after decomposing body is found inside entrance column of a supermarket.#lasd detectives believe it may be suspect who led deputies on foot chase monday &amp; disappeared on the roof .
topics : animals , human-interest , qld first posted story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption whale calf ' helps ' push its stranded mother to safety a humpback whale which was stranded on an australian sandbank has freed itself after its calf was seen apparently nudging it into deeper water . please try again later . " the mother was a bit tired and distressed " . he said they managed to free themselves before the mother was re-stranded closer to shore this morning . a qpw boat is trailing the whales to help herd them out to sea and away from shallow waters .
fake news ! in another fact-checking failure , a fox affiliate in detroit failed to corroborate the story of an iraqi immigrant , who lied in an interview about the date of his mother ' s death . more insidious is the notion that a report qualifies as fake news if it requires a correction . at the extreme end of absurdity , trump actually asserted on monday that “any negative polls are fake news. tips@mediaite.com update – – 4 : 32 pm et : cuomo has since apologized . — donald j. he was incorrect , but that does not mean he was spreading fake news .
" i thought there was a streaker on the field to be honest , but i was happy it was a cat . the royals and cardinals were playing a key interleague series for both teams , but especially the cardinals , who entered the game just two and a half games back of the cubs in the competitive nl central . close get email notifications on derrick goold daily ! molina remembered . 25-27. ' " molina often goes by the nickname " yadi , " which he ' ll wear on his jersey during players weekend on aug.
he ’ s chairman of that committee . meanwhile , the new york times reported that menendez intervened with state and commerce department officials on behalf of a melgen-owned company trying to enforce a lucrative port-security contract with the dominican government . menendez , who divorced his wife in 2005 and is still single , isn ’ t personally wealthy . bob menendez ( d-n.j. democratic sen. “he was a leader in the house . he ’ ll do a wonderful job . the 21-year-old woman and her family deny that she ever participated in prostitution .
the attorneys for amanda berry , gina dejesus , and michelle knight released a letter on behalf of their clients thanking the public for their encouragement , as well as for respecting their requests for privacy . so far , $ 825,000 has been collected from around the country and from various foreign countries . " the community is acting in a way you would hope they would act , " kelly said . john barnes jr. these three brave women have asked us to give this message to everyone who has expressed concern and support . cleveland police recently deployed a command bus to the city ' s crime-troubled east and west sides , with officers and fbi agents sent in to follow up tips and answer questions , according to spokeswoman jennifer ciaccia .
it is its job to maintain international peace and security , and it is its job to stop this aggression against our people . " that said , we remain concerned about the risk of further escalation and reiterate the need for all sides to do everything they can to protect the lives of civilians and restore calm , " the official said . beware. this story was originally published on july 12 at 9 : 43 a.m. and last updated on july 13 at 8 : 04 a.m. prime minister benjamin netanyahu said on friday that israel was “preparing for all options , ” including sending ground forces into gaza , which is home to 1.7 million people .
' " jentzsch said . jentzsch and his wife were stunned . " i don ' t want to hear about it , " he told his dad . " jentzsch called the police and the county ' s animal care and control , who found the remains of the birds . " falbo sat on his mower , backed up and ran over the ducklings again , the family said . these are our babies , we love to feed them ! kai grabbed his ipad and started watching cartoons . then , the lawmower appeared . gontchar said she is still emotional from what she and her family saw , but she and her husband are trying to use this experience as an opportunity to teach their son about the value of life and how cruel some people can be .
on thursday , the appeals court said that ' s an unreasonable interpretation of the statute ' s language and history . otherwise , he said , it might be illegal to hold the phone in your hand to check the time " or even to move it for use as a paperweight . spriggs challenged his ticket , but lower courts agreed with prosecutors that the law forbids all use of handheld phones . fresno , calif. the incident that ensnared spriggs happened when he was stopped by roadwork . spriggs ' lawyer , scott reddie , praised the ruling .
the men have been lying nailed to crosses through their hands for 20 days , and have vowed to continue their protest until they are reinstated . " i am joining in today . company manager aufredi paredes said five of the drivers will be re-hired , but the rest will receive legal separation payments . five bus drivers crucified themselves using five-inch nails after they were fired allegedly for being members of a union mr villalba , told afp : ' our position is clear : we want the eight drivers to be reinstated with all employee benefits .
moreno told us he owned a 2006 corvette , and one day he got trapped inside of it in his garage , when the battery went out . " hernandez says police believe her dad made a valiant effort to escape , and possibly died while looking through the car ' s manual . but rogers did not know that . rogers is survived by three children and five grandchildren . rogers was a thomas jefferson high school grad and a u.s. army veteran . http://on.khou.com/1jf1g4m stephen mccrate officiating . houston - a father has pleaded guilty in connection to the death of his three-year-old son .
all 50 states + dc now certified : clinton : 65,844,610 ( 48.2 % ) trump : 62,979,636 ( 46.1 % ) others : 7,804,213 ( 5.7 % ) https://t.co/j58gaxfpmh — dave wasserman ( @redistrict ) december 20 , 2016 clinton ’ s margin of victory in the popular vote is the largest in raw numbers for any candidate who has gone on to lose in the electoral college . learn more winning attention vs. republican george w. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . anti-trump groups had urged republican electors to defect but those efforts fell flat .
i ’ m drunk , ” geoffrey the giraffe responded . jake byrd at trump fundraiser in los angeles https://youtu.be/yplvzg7tsmo subscribe to get the latest #kimmel : http://bit.ly/jklsubscribe watch mean tweets : http://bit.ly/kimmelmt10 connect with jimmy kimmel live online : visit the jimmy kimmel live website : http://bit.ly/jklwebsite like jimmy kimmel on facebook : http://bit.ly/kimmelfb like jimmy kimmel live on facebook : http://bit.ly/jklfacebook follow @jimmykimmel on twitter : http://bit.ly/kimmeltw follow jimmy kimmel live on twitter : http://bit.ly/jkltwitter follow jimmy kimmel live on instagram : http://bit.ly/jklinstagram about jimmy kimmel live : jimmy kimmel serves as host and executive producer of emmy-winning " jimmy kimmel live , " abc ' s late-night talk show .
on saturday , romney took to twitter to call the flag " a symbol of racial hatred " huckabee ' s compassionate and lost a lot of weight . the man charged with the crimes , dylann storm roof , held the confederate flag in a photograph on a website and displayed the flags of defeated white-supremacist governments in africa on his facebook page . you ' ve got a guitar , right ? we ' re voting soon , and i just thought i ' d mention : if we don ' t reach consensus , then we ' ll decide at convention .
jasmine blames casey ' s histrionic fiance tila tequila for thwarting the johnson family ' s attempts to put casey in rehab . she was always at risk for going into a diabetic coma , ” the source said . johnson was sued for not making lease payments on a porsche and lost a five-figure lawsuit to a nanny service ... " did i love her ? this content is restricted . yes . then she threw in a custody offer . . . for now , though , just the facts over the course of the two emotionally-packed months in the lives of four hollywood sapphists , one football player , and a family billionaires .
( photo : lucasfilm ) star wars episode vii officially has a name to go with that number . the " force " is , of course , the element that the jedi knights in the films derive their power from , introduced in the very first star wars movie . that wasn ' t good enough for abrams , though . learn more he also signed on stalwarts such as anthony daniels and kenny baker to play droids c-3po and r2-d2 , plus peter mayhew as han ' s wookiee co-pilot chewbacca . 18 , 2015. j.j. abrams has assembled an eclectic cast for his take on ' star wars .
it was an emotional farewell to the space station for whitson , yurchikhin and fischer . [ infographic : russia ' s soyuz space capsule explained ] they successfully touched down on target in a remote area near the town of dzhezkazgan , kazakhstan . 8. the top spot belongs to russian gennady padalka , with 879 days in space over five flights . all three briefly held hands for a photo op , before being carried one by one in their chairs to the medical tent . four years and two weeks , he pointed out . ( associated press ) cape canaveral , fla.
i guarantee , " he said . more ’ s hands . trump has returned to the topic in rallies and press conferences , insisting his " beautiful " hands are adequately sized and boasting about his ability to hit a golf ball 285 yards . i ’ ve never heard of this one . “i mean give me a break , ok ? ” “the day after , i ’ m shaking hands with people and everybody ’ s saying ‘wow you have strong hands , you have very big hands , ' ” he added .
" consider it a gauntlet thrown down , " o ' sullivan said of h.277 . the report projects that tax revenue from a legal marijuana market in the state could amount to between $ 20 million and $ 70 million annually . if passed , house bill 502 would outlaw consumption of alcohol , with penalties mirroring those currently in place for marijuana possession . jean o ' sullivan and christopher pearson would effectively reinstate alcohol prohibition in vermont . o ' sullivan herself acknowledges that even she doesn ' t support the substance of the bill . the legislation , according to the lawmakers , is based on “recent scientific studies that demonstrate that alcohol use is significantly more dangerous that marijuana use.
’ according to the washington post , officer timothy zoll , the ferguson police department ’ s public relations officer said no crime had been reported in connection to the memorial ’ s destruction early friday morning . brown was shot and killed on aug. 9 , and his death has made ferguson , a mostly black st. hate is deep . pic.twitter.com/ulr2tgsxcs — j. mr. , after a driver crashed into it overnight . ( via @jay_myles2 ) pic.twitter.com/xumtq23gmt — deray mckesson ( @deray ) december 26 , 2014 a few people are here and planning to restore the memorial right now .
the maesa elephant camp in chiang mai features elephants of the latter type : while you lay on your face , the elephant will place its foot on your back to " help ease your stress . yeah , thailand doesn ' t do " relaxing " very well . and that might just explain ... via weirdnews.about.com any judge would consider tickling her right now attempted murder . while the snakes are all nonvenomous , we certainly understand if this freaks you out instead of soothing you -- we can think of dozens of other animals that are more qualified to massage people .
on tuesday , the house foreign affairs committee formally introduced story_separator_special_tag president obama lashed out at critics of the iran nuclear deal on wednesday , saying many of those who backed the u.s. invasion of iraq now want to reject the iran accord and put the middle east on the path toward another war . officials said that mr. ” obama said that when he first ran for president , he believed “that america didn ’ t just have to end that war . obama ’ s address on wednesday would be followed by a series of news media interviews that would be shown next week .
lee ' s revelation about capote ' s lying habit comes from a march 2006 letter to wayne flynt , one of many contained in flynt ' s forthcoming mockingbird songs : my friendship with harper lee . lee was so nervous before interviews and speaking engagements that she would vomit . 3. truman capote was a compulsive liar . he nursed his envy for more than 20 years . " 2. however , flynt said that at the time , lee welcomed its publication . . . she once had a stalker and was concerned with stalkers and assassination , flynt told the nyt .
jamie tull was found friday morning by family and friends who went looking for her near where her car was found crashed in merced county . according to tull ' s father , she has bipolar disorder . day hike turns into ' life-or-death ' ordeal for albany woman tull , 33 , endured a scorching heatwave and told rescuers that she ate two grasshoppers and a fly and drank water from the cattle trough , warnke said . " she hunkered down . 4 , 2017. fresno , calif. " we saw her moving , " tull ' s step cousin lynn garber said .
a veteran who collapsed in a cafeteria at albuquerque ’ s veterans affairs hospital died after waiting 20 to 25 minutes to get to the same hospital ’ s emergency room , located about 500 yards away , a va spokeswoman confirmed thursday . “our policy is under expedited review , ” brown said . mobile users : tap here for video alertme story_separator_special_tag ........................................................................................................................................................................................ they could have put him on men sit outside the raymond g. kirtland air force medical group personnel performed cpr until the ambulance arrived , va spokeswoman sonja brown said . murphy va medical center among veterans who were visiting for various medical reasons .
" he said couch ' s texas-based defense team asked him to intervene after the teen was caught in mexico . any flaw in the process of his detention by mexican immigration authorities can be considered a violation of due process and of his human rights , legal analysts say . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
winner selection : the daily caller will choose one winner for each gun . the winner will be required to have proper identification suitable to receive a firearm in their jurisdiction and will be required to complete an atf form #4473 and pass a nics background check at their local firearms retailer that holds a valid federal firearms license . for these people , for my kountry , means to ridicule excellence , to fear prosperity , and to blame others for individual failures . there is no purchase necessary to enter . jealousy and envy . it is an ideology incapable of raising anyone or anything upward .
she was 66. dickson wright and ms. she was writing a cooking column and running a store called books for cooks in london when a television producer recruited her to collude with another culinary rebel , jennifer paterson , on a cooking show unlike any other . " during the same interview dickson wright also explained her " pathological " hatred of the humble carrot . dickson wright died on saturday at edinburgh ' s royal infirmary . dickson wright said , “don ’ t be put off by that. they enjoyed imitating profound flatulence .
it may develop in a patient who is receiving treatment for active tb , when anti-tb drugs are misused or mismanaged , and is usually a sign of inadequate clinical care or drug management . " the likelihood that this person transmitted the illness is low , but this is a very serious illness so we can story_separator_special_tag ( pdfcdc-pdf – 421k ) extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis ( xdr tb ) what is extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis ( xdr tb ) ? her condition was reported as stable . the patient traveled in april from india to the united states , through chicago , the centers for disease control and prevention said monday .
a scandal over the california national guard ' s use of bonus money was first unearthed in 2010 , when the sacramento bee reported that its incentive program had misspent as much as $ 100 million . " i couldn ' t take it anymore . " until that time , our priority is to advocate for our soldiers through this difficult process . david s. gen. disgusting . pathetic . it ' s not unusual for signing bonuses to have strings attached . and in many cases , an employer would also have a tough time arguing that decade-old lapses in its own oversight should trigger wage garnishments and tax liens against its workers .
“she handled it so well , ” she said . “he said he need to cancel his flight and get off the plane and just was kind of speaking a little gibberish , ” godwin said . flight 7 originated at 7 : 15 eastern time from jfk airport in new york . alaska airlines file photo © 2017 cox media group . minneapolis-st. minneapolis , minn. it is unclear if the man will face any charges . ’ ” melinda iverson , also a passenger , watched it all play out . the flight finally arrived at sea-tac around 1 p.m. pst .
chicago is a lock for george lucas ’ museum . ” it will bring “hundreds of jobs and economic opportunity , ” emanuel said . one was that the city draws far more tourists than san francisco . she noted that lucas “has an extraordinary collection of movie posters . shortly after sneed ’ s scoop that chicago had won the bidding war , lucas issued a statement from san francisco : “building in chicago is the right decision for the museum , but the bay area will always be my home . bravo ! lucas hopes to collaborate with his prospective
he was in a car accident last night and is in the intensive care on life support . " please pray for him , " she wrote . his injuries , which dr. know that i am deeply grateful for all of you for taking this tragic two week journey with me nathaniel and our family . " the doctor said that there is a good chance that he will recover the use of upper body movement and a slim chance that he will walk again . the vehicle came to rest on the west side of sr447 on its wheels facing west .
) saturday night live ’ s best political work of late — “through donald trump ’ s eyes , ” “kellywise ” — is the stuff that acknowledges up front that we ’ re living a nightmare , then uses the language and logic of bad dreams to respond . in fact , she ’ s falling in love ! you like latkes? larry david went from making me laugh about his jew jokes to making me cringe . wow . but don ’ t worry . this one had special guests : vice president mike pence ( beck bennett ) and everyone ’ s favorite keebler elf , attorney general jeff sessions ( kate mckinnon ) .
in texas , a down-on-his-luck inventor named cade yeager ( mark wahlberg ) buys a beat-up semi truck and discovers it ' s actually the damaged optimus prime ( biggest of the good robots ) . which is when the bad cia guys show up , leading to endless battles and explosions . misgivings aside , i ' m looking forward to the next star wars . but here director michael bay has elected to get back to basics � in other words , banging on audience skulls . �transformers : age of extinction� will be in theaters everywhere starting thursday night .
it could go in early and preempt a north korean attack on the south , or fight in the middle of a war . ed royce of california , said he agreed with sherman and urged more sanctions against chinese banks that do business with north korea . now , as mr. kim ’ s grandson , kim jong-un , accelerates his nuclear missile program , south korea is again targeting the north ’ s leadership . they killed their trainers and fought their way into seoul before blowing themselves up , an episode the government concealed for decades .
" in his interview with cnn , priebus repeatedly said he submitted his resignation to the president privately on thursday . trump tapped kelly after priebus also lacked strong support from key members of trump ' s inner circle . " we ' ll be working on a transition here for a couple weeks together with general kelly starting on monday morning . one of those sources says trump ' s kin urged the president to finally execute a long-pondered shake-up . " i am pleased to inform you that i have just named general/secretary john f kelly as white house chief of staff , " trump tweeted .
i didn ' t have a job when she was born , " said lewis . he ’ s had the same routine for the past seven months . ' he brought them to me and my heart just dropped . i guess they are very good secret holders. he started collecting donations from other workers at ups . those keys cannot be mine . " man , that ' s got to be a dedicated young man to walk to work , " said bryant . story_separator_special_tag little rock , ark . “this is my first car , ” said a shocked lewis .
( fresno police department ) police in fresno , calif. the video shows him appear to hide his hands behind his back and walk toward officers , disobeying commands to show his hands , get on the ground and stop advancing . ” after watching the footage , noble ’ s family launched legal action against the city alleging that the shooting was “an inexcusable use of excessive force ” . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
7 , 2013 , in preparation for a major winter storm headed toward the u.s. northeast .... a storm poised to dump up to 3 feet of snow from new york city to boston and beyond beginning friday could be one for the record books , forecasters warned , as residents scurried to stock up on food and water and road crews readied salt and sand . ... ( associated press thank you for reading bostonglobe.com . more specifically , i live in san jose , ca which is about 60 miles south of san francisco . " it ' s a zoo in there .
johns county sheriff ' s department , said the woman who called police , being dubbed " golfcart gail , " is a field marshal . » subscribe to nbc news : http://nbcnews.to/subscribetonbc » watch more nbc video : http://bit.ly/morenbcnews nbc news is a leading source of global news and information . she was sitting next to jones when it got out of control . police found no wrongdoing and did not detain the father . chuck mulligan , a spokesman for the st. the incident occurred amid a string of viral incidents in which white people called the police on people of color for controversial reasons , including a white starbucks manager who called the police on two men who were waiting for a business meeting , a white woman who called the police on a group of black people staying at an airbnb , a white mother who reported two native american teens to police because she didn ’ t think they story_separator_special_tag st.
bush at the u.s. capitol . the ceremony monday night took place in front of houston ' s city hall , bathed in lights of red , white , and blue . trump is not expected to speak at the service and has a fractured relationship with the bush family . at 20 : 30 ( 01 : 30 gmt on tuesday ) donald and melania trump arrived inside what was now a relatively empty capitol rotunda . the president gave an extended salute and the first lady put her hand over her heart . mr and mrs trump then turned and left .
“he was a brother to us , ” veneziano said . murray was a three-sport athlete at warren hills and starting quarterback for three years . it ’ s unbelievable . he also played baseball and basketball . “that ’ s just the way he was , and he would lead others to do the same , and that ’ s why we love him , ” he said . the high school senior died on friday night after being injured during a home football game against summit . colin matthew cudworth jr. the blue streaks community , in the meantime , is grieving .
( associated press ) the egyptian president was attending a summit of the nonaligned movement , and is supposed to transfer leadership of the 120-nation bloc to tehran . syria ' s foreign minister walid muallem said mr mursi ' s speech " incites continued bloodshed in syria " . fakhrizadeh complained ... since the 1979 islamic revolution , iran has considered israel as its arch foe . 29 , 2012 .... dubai iran has no interest in nuclear weapons but will keep pursuing peaceful nuclear energy , supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei told heads of state from developing countries in tehran .
halderman . halderman ' s attorney gerald shargel likewise suggested that no plea agreement is in the works . bob arnot , a friend and former colleague of mr. halderman is currently planning to try and take the case all the way to trial . ) slideshow : celebrity sightings fleshbot ’ s editor lux alptraum broke it down : “levi ' s receiving a crossover award to honor the bravery and self confidence he ’ s displayed in making the leap from future son-in-law of the republican vp candidate to playgirl pinup — but yes , his abject sexiness was certainly a factor in our decision making process .
the move will cause the town ' s many pizzerias and artisanal bakeries to change their fuel sources or install costly filters to reduce pollution – a fact which has angered local business owners . the measure has been prompted by " utmost concern " over worsening air quality , and will stay in place until 31 march . so what ' s polluting san vitaliano ? those caught breaking the ban will face fines of between € 200 and € 1,032 . but not everyone is convinced that pizza-making is the true culprit . last year residents spent a whopping 114 days breathing air that contained levels of polluting particulates above safe levels .
the bill was passed hours after the filibuster ended . in all 38 lawmakers are reported to have taken part . a canadian party had set the previous world record for combined filibustering , notching up 57 hours in 2011. 39 lawmakers thirty-nine opposition lawmakers strongly opposed the anti-terrorism bill proposed by rep. nearly nine days of non-stop speeches included rambling monologues and long chunks of george orwell ' s novel 1984. jung cheong-rae on sunday . 23. some of the mps wore trainers to help them stay on their feet for hours . lee cheol-woo of the governing party , aimed at giving the national intelligence service ( nis ) the authority to collect information on private communications , travel and financial transactions of potential terrorists .
it was a basically a gag – and the local news showed it like it said something about nia ’ s character . fuck you @ktvu this is beyond unethical . why did they share that image ? now i don ’ t need to explain this to our listeners , but this was a moment of pain , and grief , and support . learn more as you may know , on late sunday evening , while riding the train in oakland , a white man targeted two young black women on the train , without ever saying a word to them , and killed one – a beautiful young soul named nia wilson , an 18 year old high school student , and critically injured her sister – stabbing and slashing them both with a knife – then simply walking away .
) for his part , wilson ( r-sc ) says he will be a " gentleman " tonight . joe wilson ' s shout of " you lie " during president obama ' s last address to congress in september . " any time a president comes to capitol hill it is an historic occasion , " cantor said , adding a caveat that he hopes obama has " listened and learned " that his agenda is not supported by the american people . rep. jeb hensarling ( r-tx ) said he agrees with " 80 percent of what [ obama ] says and disagrees with 80 percent of what he does .
as for bachmann ' s answer ? increasingly , there is a third feature of a bachmann appearance on the presidential trail : a staffer ’ s physical confrontation with a reporter . he is covering the race for a norwegian website about american politics and also wrote about the ames straw poll for the conservative norwegian web journal minerva ( recently in the news for its editor ’ s pained consideration of the fact that the mass murderer anders breivik was among the site ’ s commenters ) . when bachmann declined , griffin got personal . one staple of a michele bachmann campaign event is blaring elvis presley music .
mr schettino was taken out to the wreck on a small boat and was then seen standing on the ship itself . " it is very , very difficult because schettino does not have the economic resources of costa , " he said . he has already accepted some degree of responsibility , asking for forgiveness in a television interview last year as he talked of those who died . the captain of ... 27 , 2014. ( associated press ) story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption captain schettino : " the ship is the custodian of all these little secrets , the trial is still unfolding all these things " the italian captain of the costa concordia ship , francesco schettino , has returned to the wreck for the first time as part of his manslaughter trial .
humans " there are a few brain areas that monitor how good our choices are , and that is a very sensible thing to have . but the lateral frontal pole was missing . what separates us from other primates ? the other , called functional mri ( fmri ) , showed which areas of the brain were most active when the patients were resting . these revealed 11 regions that closely matched those seen in humans . some parts are implicated in psychiatric conditions like adhd , drug addiction or compulsive behavior disorders . further scans failed to find any comparable region in monkeys , suggesting the area is exclusive to humans .
“often , having students return to their normal story_separator_special_tag please enable javascript to watch this video a 31-year-old female teacher was declared dead after students found her hanging inside a high school classroom in placentia , authorities said monday . police and firefighters were called the campus at 8 : 40 a.m. the teacher removed jacobson and set her body on the floor , which is where she was when emergency officials arrived . “if you take into account how everyone reacted by crying and being upset , you ’ ll see how everyone was completely surprised that it was her , ” he said .
that mission is accomplished . ” girls want to see role models : a recent study by the girl scouts found that 80 percent of girls want to interact with successful women , but 60 percent had not been offered the opportunity to see these women in action at the workplace . that disparity is costing our companies talent , hurting the country ’ s competitiveness , and undermining our ideals of fairness and social equality . on march 9. in corporate environments , that kind of support appears as sponsorship . one immediate result was that the faculty started proactively encouraging female students to apply for academic prizes .
that ' s why we ' re not putting our troops in the middle of somebody else ' s war , " obama said in his recorded address . the statement and the heated discussion was a reminder of what obama has called " a heavy lift " as he seeks to sell lawmakers and the american public on the need for a military response . ( reporting by roberta rampton ; editing by peter cooney ) jon b. st. " but the question is , do these norms mean something ? " but it did not break their impasse over how to respond to the suspected chemical weapons attack or how to end the 21/2-year-old syrian civil war .
palin said at the time that she feels a “perpetual gut punch ” every time she hears reports about mccain ’ s regrets , but added that “that ’ s not what sen. " be smart : conservatives charged bias and lies in mainstream news and then created right-wing alternatives . john mccain was a maverick and a fighter , never afraid to stand for his beliefs . mccain has told me all these years. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . donald trump jr. the messages were received , sources say .
people who sided with harris started spamming swift ' s instagram comments with the snake emoji . she also revealed its cover art . this caused the pop producer to go on a twitter rant against her — invoking the name of swift rival katy perry , and accusing swift of trying to " tear " him down . ( harris has since revealed regret for his tweets. that ' s right , ladies , gents and swifties all around the world , #ts6 is here ! ) story_separator_special_tag after plenty of teasing and quite a bit of waiting , taylor swift has finally given fans the gift they ' ve been wanting for three years ...
all punishments prescribed by law will be maintained in the country to ensure that criminals get what they deserve , " jammeh said . a tiny english-speaking west african nation of 1.8 million surrounded by senegal , gambia last executed a prisoner in 1985. death row convicts will be executed by mid-september , president yahya jammeh said in a speech on state media sunday that was rebroadcast monday . by the middle of next month , all the death sentences would have been carried out to the letter . copyright © 2012 afp . all rights reserved . however judicial sources say the figure is higher than that .
( associated press ) models wear creations for chanel ' s ready to wear fall/winter 2014-2015 fashion collection presented in paris , tuesday , march 4 , 2014 . tuesday saw the fashion showman put on a " chanel shopping center " fall-winter show that featured an audacious walmart-sized reconstruction and saw the celebrity pair applaud vigorously from the front row . some models wore comfortable-looking orange woolen jogging suits and fluorescent pink shredded leggings . paris ( ap ) — ever wonder what keira knightley and rihanna do when they just want to go to the grocers like average people ?
he told reporters it was a “wonderful day ” for the two men ’ s families “and for us. shane bauer and joshua fattal , both 29 , were released wednesday evening local time after spending more than two years in prison on charges of illegal entry and espionage since they and a companion , sarah shourd , were arrested on the border between iraq and iran while hiking in the mountainous region . the plane carrying the hikers left tehran ’ s mehrabad airport and arrived in oman about 3 : 40 p.m. washington time .
if you are a republican , you probably love texas and hate california . the good news is that 40 percent responded favorably , but the difference in percentages wasn ’ t enough for the state to be viewed more positively than hawaii . over the course of four months starting last october , we asked american voters nationally what their impressions of each state are . or north dakota . only seven other states have net-positive ratings in the single digits , and another breaks even ( louisiana ) . democrats ’ favorite states include hawaii ( 62-7 ) , washington ( 50-10 ) , massachusetts ( 49-9 ) , oregon ( 46-6 ) , vermont ( 46-9 ) , colorado ( 45-8 ) , and new york ( 51-15 ) , and their least favorites are led by texas ( 17-51 ) , alabama ( 13-45 ) , and mississippi ( 13-41 ) .
" babies ! balmès ’ s approach is averse to cuteness for its own sake and watchful enough to leave you time to wonder about how you ’ d feel spending the first year of your life with a camera in your face . if anything , the sweet-smelling " babies " is the complete opposite of the conflict-riddled reality media world that dominates these days . when the babies ' parents and caretakers speak in their native tongues , no subtitles are provided . am i right ? there ' s far more gurgling and cooing than dialogue .
hollins yelled and began to " act strange , " and based on that and the officer ' s recollection of hollins ' behavior during a previous arrest in august , bongiovanni called for backup , the report says . michael bongiovanni was fired after authorities discovered a video showing bongiovanni punching the man in the face as the man stepped from a vehicle with his hands up . would you like to proceed to legacy twitter ? yes gwinnett county police said late thursday that sgt . earlier in the ... however , we also believe that our decisive action in terminating both officers speaks volumes about what is expected of each officer that wears a gwinnett county police badge.
story_separator_special_tag google ’ s youtube has reached a preliminary deal to buy twitch , a popular videogame-streaming company , for more than $ 1 billion , according to sources familiar with the pact . open edge cloud boldly go where no cloud has gone before the open edge cloud establishes a software layer leveraging standard compute and storage massively distributed in the last mile of service provider networks , creating a powerful content and application delivery solution . shear currently serves as ceo of twitch . twitch also plays in the separate “e-sports ” market covering live professional gaming competitions ; others in that space include tournament organizer major league gaming , a new york-based company whose investors include oak investment partners and relativity media ceo ryan kavanaugh .
there were also reports in which this condition was found after repeated trauma during epileptic seizures[ 4 ] and patients with a history of dermatomyositis[ 5 ] . in some cases cortical scalloping could happen due to the chronic pressure effect of the gradually enlarging mass . the woman ' s compartment syndrome had been left untreated , according to the report . originally published on live email bahar gholipour . calcific myonecrosis following snake bite is rarely reported . however , okada et al . the result is usually a firm , hard , palpable mass that can be examined using x-ray or mri scans .
" the pope ' s encyclical is story_separator_special_tag the most anticipated papal letter for decades will be published in five languages on thursday . ( ap photo/alessandra ... but he sees faith-based efforts to shift thinking on climate action as very promising . mr. peter ' s square that his first solo encyclical is coming out on thursday and inviting them to pay attention to environmental degradation around them . pope francis is cheered by the crowd as he arrives for an audience with italian agesci boy scouts association ' s members in st. could it lead to a step-change in the battle against global warming ?
is madonna ' s first film as director and received some negative reviews when it debuted at the venice film festival earlier this month . i think people tried to diminish her ... " i had the same kind of pressure when i began my music career , " madonna told reporters . in fact she was so impressed with the volunteers that she publicly thanked them from the stage for their hard work before the premiere of her film last night which earned a standing ovation . " we did have sing alongs . public figures or icons are often just reduced to a sound-bite , just a handful of attributes .
" indonesia ' s attitude toward transgenders is complex . she describes how soldiers once shaved her long , black hair to the scalp and smashed out glowing cigarettes onto her hands and arms . " so i decided to just accept it . they have taken a much lower profile in recent years , following a series of attacks by muslim hard-liners . ... and the country ' s highest islamic body has decreed that they are required to live as they were born because each gender has obligations to fulfill , such as reproduction . ( associated press ) in this friday , jan.
" others criticized the board ' s vote . in a note next to the deletion from the third-grade social studies curriculum in which keller was included in a lesson about " the characteristics of good citizenship , " the work group wrote , " helen keller does not best represent the concept of citizenship . austin and henry b. each year , the board discusses and debates new classroom standards for texas ' 5.4 million schoolchildren . ... we tried to make it as objective as possible . enough said . gonzález . slavery , eugenics and alamo heroes : what made the cut ?
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . her family is reportedly on the way to panama . a cause of death has yet to be released . the body of catherine johannet , who was last seen around 10 a.m.thursday on isla colon was discovered on an island trail sunday afternoon , officials said . click here to read the newsroom panama story check back to daily voice for updates . story_separator_special_tag notice you must log in to continue . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites .
" alexandra kerry was pulled over for an expired registration and was released after the results of a breathalyzer test at the police station were under the legal limit , " says jodi seth , spokeswoman for the massachusetts democrat . kerry ' s daughter . " senator kerry supports his daughter and will have no further comment on a private matter . get tmz breaking news alerts to your inbox yes ! also in california , you don ' t need a .08 to be driving under the influence . 10 . story_separator_special_tag john kerry : my daughter was not legally drunk or leave a comment of your own see what other readers have to say about this story – sen.
" verhaaren swerved to miss the hazard , over-corrected , lost control of the bicycle and crashed into the guardrail , " whalen said . luckily , an er doctor was close by and was able to stop the bleeding before it was too late . john ' s hospital in jackson . verhaaren received a b.s . degree in accounting from brigham young university , magna cum laude , and a j.d . verhaaren leaves behind a wife and three children . “they would bend over backwards for anyone. since then , martin has undergone numerous surgeries to repair damage to her liver and one of her lungs .
" in general , it ' s relatively small , " he said of the 4.1-magnitude peak earthquake sunday , the largest of the series . the first , a magnitude 3.2 quake , struck at 8 : 59 p.m. before the highway opened , it formerly was a settlement along the scenic main route from phoenix to prescott . tempe city councilwoman lauren kuby lives in central tempe near alameda drive and college avenue . " still , the quakes were notable for at least two reasons beyond their simple rarity in the region . what happened ?
sony say " stay tuned " for updates on the problem . in the meantime , if you have a model other than the new slim ps3 , we advise that you do not use your ps3 system , as doing so may result in errors in some functionality , such as recording obtained trophies , and not being able to restore certain data . who knows ! update 5 ( 8 story_separator_special_tag posted by patrick seybold / / sr. message appears on the screen ; “an error has occurred . psn games are no different ; i tried to boot up " flower " , only to be greeted with a similar message about failed copyright protection , and it was right back to the xmb .
he has been appointed a fellow at the woodrow wilson international center for scholars ( 2002-03 ) , an honorary research professor at the shanghai academy of social sciences ( 2008 – ) , a senior fulbright research scholar at the chinese academy of social sciences institute of world economics &amp; politics in beijing ( 2009-10 ) , and distinguished visiting professor at the s. this feature is not available right now . please try again later . for tang jianyu it was a desire to canonise her country ’ s commander-in-chief . an entire genre of “big daddy xi ” -themed songs has sprung up , fuelling fears that he is attempting to build a mao-like personality cult .
so he ’ s banned . " their message to british comic was clear : " our red carpet is not for stunting . story_separator_special_tag will sacha baron cohen ’ s ‘the dictator ’ walk the oscar red carpet ? speaking of a conversation he had with representatives for the elusive graffiti artist , academy president tom sherak said , " we suggested to them that it might be a good idea that if he did win , one of them would accept in his place – that it would not be dignified for the novak and john c.
first a person put an object in one of two boxes . until now , researchers believed great apes did not have the capacity to understand people ' s intent ( afp photo/guillaume souvant ) miami ( afp ) - orangutans , chimpanzees and bonobos are the nearest relatives of humans in the primate world , and like us , they can tell when a person is wrong in their beliefs , researchers said wednesday . then a second person switched the object to the other box and locked both boxes . twenty of these apes also participated in the krupenye et al .
that ' s when a nearly 26-year veteran los angeles police officer checked on hernandez several times , repeatedly telling officers who came by from various agencies " he ' s dead , " according to one of the law enforcement officials . , five minutes after hernandez was shot in the chest . ( associated press ) transportation security administration ( tsa ) administrator john pistole testifies on capitol hill in washington , thursday , nov. the charges carry a potential death sentence . lawrence e. 1 shooting . doctors worked for about an hour to revive him despite significant blood loss .
the truck , hauling a flatbed trailer loaded with airbag cartridges , was traveling from del rio to the takata plant in eagle pass , texas . sign up you agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for the new york times ' s products and services . please try again later . invalid email address . an error has occurred . glenn p. wicks said . they were able to flee the truck before the blast . robles was pronounced dead this wednesday morning , at 11 : 35 a.m. by justice of peace june smith .
meanwhile , sony and independent theaters agreed to release it in over 300 venues on christmas . sony announced the digital release just an hour ahead of time , after cnnmoney and other news organizations began to report on the studio ' s plans to distribute " the interview " through youtube ' s movie rental store . this was not a midnight mass . 25 , 2014. at one theater in california , a ticket taker dressed up as “uncle sam-ty claus. they turned out in red , white and blue attire . and it might be a glimpse into the future .
she said she couldn ’ t remember and refused to speak of it . a missing person report was never filed . the blonde , brown-eyed baby was swimming in an oversized t-shirt and grasping a bottle of soured juice . in 1998 , pattie whitaker , rosalee ’ s sister , posted on a genealogy forum searching for anyone who had information on bonnie ’ s whereabouts . “i identify as this feature is not available right now . hamburgers became her favorite food . please try again later . , home . vanderford guessed the child was between 16 and 18 months old .
flynn said the missile launch defied the u.n. resolution that called on iran not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons . play facebook twitter embed flynn : ' we are officially putting iran on notice ' 1 : 40 national security officials told reporters later that the administration was considering a range of options , including economic sanctions and supporting forces that counter iranian action in the region . just watched the iran deal and next commander in chief replay more videos ... trump said during his election campaign that he would stop iran ’ s missile program .
the day began with drama , as well , when the judge refused to grant a mistrial after carter ’ s attorney , jon rion , accused the prosecution of surprising him with evidence in direct violation of evidence-sharing rules . he asked detectives for medicine for seizures . he is charged in the feb. a prosecutor previously said carter confessed to an inmate at the prison saying he killed warrington . neither man was handcuffed . mckibben st. https://www.limaohio.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/54/2015/09/web1_carter-trial-afternoon-9-16-15-49-.jpg greg sowinski &#124; the lima news this “an altercation broke out between the two and within minutes we were able to go in and break up the two.
" bin laden was dead within 90 seconds of the beginning of the raid , not after an extended firefight , " pfrarrer said . pfarrer reports that the white house overruled the navy plan to have two f-18 hornets provide air support for seals helicopters , which would have been easily shot down if found by pakistan ’ s air force . but some details in his book could complicate the 2012 presidential race . they were right behind him . william mcraven and then – seal team six commander scott kerr ) and understands the vocabulary and the culture very well .
gallmann was shot at her kenyan ranch and airlifted ... after the attack story_separator_special_tag ' i dreamed of africa ' author and conservationist , shot in kenya enlarge this image toggle caption tony karumba/afp/getty images tony karumba/afp/getty images kuki gallmann , a conservationist best known for her book i dreamed of africa , was ambushed and shot while she drove across her conservancy in kenya sunday morning . the herders accused police of trying to force them off the land by shooting their livestock . herders have brought more and more cows , killed other wildlife , and begun to vandalize property .
but wednesday ' s street battles were the worst between morsi ' s supporters and followers and came after an implicit call by the muslim brotherhood for its members to go to the palace and evict anti-morsi protesters who had camped out there . “vicious attack vs. morsi has his offices . 6 , 2012. peaceful protesters in front of presidential palace , ” tweeted mohamed elbaradei , a nobel peace prize laureate and opposition leader . she also expressed dismay at the constitutional process , saying egyptians " deserve a constitutional process that is open , transparent and fair and does not unduly favor one group over any other .
trump is not the only politician to be represented in the october auction of street and contemporary art . celebrity auction house julien ' s auctions said wednesday , aug. story_separator_special_tag ( reuters ) - a life-sized nude statue of u.s. republican presidential contender donald trump is going up for auction , with profits from the sale going to an immigrant support group . the statues are in san francisco , new york , los angeles , cleveland and seattle . more people 17-22. 22. those include pieces by banksy , keith haring , jean-michel basquiat , andy warhol and shepard fairey .
' " katehi said . on her way back to her office , katehi was greeted by a number of students who expressed their support for her and said they do not believe she had approved of officers using force against the students . " i can tell you that i woke up saturday really early in the morning , like 3 a.m. story_separator_special_tag as the tent city on the university of california , davis , tripled in size , chancellor linda p.b . pike . katehi visited the growing encampment at least twice on tuesday with mixed results .
harris said . benton fiddled with the gearshift and got out of the car , she said . ' " ms. harris at her highland park home monday to offer story_separator_special_tag by megan harris and margaret harding carla harris saw blood on her daughter ' s blue jacket before paramedics arrived , and she knew shamera was dead . he called the incident a “terrible accident. daniel herrmann said . police handcuffed mr. i tried . funeral arrangements through cleft of the rock ministries were not finalized . collision investigators will inspect the vehicle , lt.
“he ’ s had his ups and downs , ” said his brother john hay-chapman , “he is a jack of all trades — he is a good mechanic . on tuesday , feb. less matthew hay-chapman crosses stanyan street in front of the mcdonald ' s restaurant at haight street in san francisco , calif. then came the back pain , brought on by lifting something in 2000. ... these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . 2 , 2016 near the location where two orange county jail escapees were apprehended after he recognized the fugitives and pointed them out to police last saturday .
click on almost any president since calvin coolidge , scroll to the bottom of his official bio , and you ' ll find one or two references to something obama has done to carry on that president ' s achievements . he rapidly became popular . " tabs . in a time of extravagance and waste .... slowly , methodically , he went up the political ladder from councilman in northampton to governor of massachusetts , as a republican . he once explained to bernard baruch why he often sat silently through interviews : " well , " need proof ?
the brains of psychopathic violent criminals have abnormalities in regions related to punishment that are not seen in the brains of violent criminals who are not psychopathic , according to new research using brain scans . " offender rehabilitation focuses on changing behavior , but to succeed it must take account of the personality characteristics of the offenders , " hodgins told live science . contact us at editors@time.com . " what can be done to help psychopaths control their behavior ? the brief newsletter sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now .
" here is the cartoon : the cartoon provoked an angry response on twitter , where some users have also commented on how osaka appears to be portrayed as a white , blond woman in the drawing . williams was later given a violation for smashing her racket , costing her a point . only it was while they were living there that the future tennis star was born . " she said . “like i grew up in new york until i was 8 or 9 and then i moved to florida , so … ” she shrugged .
the syrian leadership is not speaking to him . sharaa has his own views on the daily events , including criticisms and apprehensions , which he kept expressing in official meetings , but without going public in the media . he does not feel compelled to be involved in every detail , especially when he cannot change the suggested solutions . many pflp-gc fighters defected to the rebel side and their leader ahmed jibril left the camp two days ago , rebel sources said . upon a closer look , one discovers that they are forming a spiral queue around a bakery , to buy unaffordable bread .
that it ’ s unclear which face is scarier , more unnerving , is in keeping with the director alex ross perry ’ s gift for destabilization , for setting a mood only to violently upend it with cutting looks , dissonant musical chords and off-kilter camera angles . story_separator_special_tag expand uncle kent 2 nathan m. mr. miller there ' s no better barometer of the climate of independent filmmaking in america than bamcinemafest . the festival ' s appeal has always been curatorial acumen . " ) but greatness can be galvanizing : it can restore the faith .
he ’ in the early 1980s , as a twentysomething trying to start a career as a crusading journalist , i was fortunate enough to share an office with hitchens . read slate ’ s complete collection of christopher hitchens ' columns . it was just the two of us . if he was like anything , he resembled some larger-than-life 19th-century figura . and one phone line . he was christopher hitchens , unique and unduplicable . illustration by charlie powell . always . ” or , “we may all get together again this evening. but there was no response from the hitch .
onoda lived in the jungle for many years and when he returned to japan , i felt that finally , the war was finished . onoda was an intelligence officer who came out of hiding on lubang island in the philippines in march 1974 , on his 52nd birthday . ( associated press ) onoda died thursday at a tokyo hospital after a brief stay there . he was 91. it happened with a simple command . caught in a time warp , mr. in december 1944 , he was a few survivors refused to believe the dropped leaflets and radio announcements saying the war had been lost .
trump . trump doesn ' t email , but he uses his phone to tweet — something he ' s made clear he plans to continue in office . as of thursday , only two of mr. the furious final staff preparations included designating thomas a. after arriving from new york , the president-elect trod solemnly down red-carpeted stairs from a government plane at joint base andrews with his wife , melania , then sped off to deliver a speech at a reception held at his ornate new hotel near the white house . trump ousted him 10 weeks ago .
i ’ ve been in the game for 25 years . there ’ s a whole elevation of work that happens. " it has such high ratings most years , so the image of hollywood that the academy presents is at stake , " said ana-christina ramón , assistant director and associate researcher at ucla ' s ralph j. and isaacs was not even the first academy official to issue a call for diversity on martin luther king , jr. 28 oscars ceremony , citing the absence of people of color in all four acting categories for the second year in a row .
people close to ivanka trump said that she sees nothing unusual about the arrangement — it ’ s simply how she has worked with her father for years , as a senior official at the trump organization and as donald trump ’ s partner on “the apprentice. " federal anti-nepotism laws prevent relatives from being appointed to government positions . on friday , she participated in a meeting on vocational training with the president and german chancellor angela merkel . the white house did not immediately respond to a request for comment . she is also in the process of obtaining a security clearance and is set to receive government-issued communications devices this week .
the woman missing from north yarmouth works as a school teacher on chebeague island , where locals say they ' re devastated over her disappearance . " and causing brief upsets in the roll call vote . he said westra , 47 , is a regular . westra was last seen sunday night and police , wardens and volunteers had been searching the area around her home since monday , when her husband woke up and discovered that she had left , without her car or cellphone . interested in supreme court ? shame ! craig smith of the cumberland county sheriff ’ s office .
the collision occurred at skydive arizona , a training facility that operates out of the eloy municipal airport , about 60 miles south of phoenix . brian jerome . jerome said one person was dead when authorities arrived on scene and a second died at a local hospital . story_separator_special_tag eloy , az - two skydivers were killed tuesday night after colliding in the air over eloy . stay with abc15 for updates . the group had been working to create “as many new ‘official ’ world sequential records as we can ” by friday , according to a website promoting square1 world sequential series ‘13 .
dallas county a suburb of des moines , dallas county is iowa ’ s fastest-growing county . so what should you watch for ? here ’ s a quick look story_separator_special_tag iowa became the stage for electrifying political theater on caucus eve as six gop presidential candidates tried to make a last-minute connection with voters — all while hounded by hundreds of reporters who documented their every move in mini messages on twitter . michele bachmann and former sen. romney has seemed relaxed and confident about his chances . rick santorum . democratic caucuses usually entail multiple ballots , but republicans will vote just once .
" this requirement is medically unjustified and will have serious consequences for women ' s health in wisconsin , " laube said in the declaration . scott walker on friday , bans doctors from performing abortions if they don ' t have admitting privileges to hospitals within 30 minutes of their practice . conley agreed . the measure was intended to limit access to abortions , he argued . at next week ' s hearing conley could potentially choose to reinstate the full law or keep it blocked . the law , signed by gov . in a 19-page opinion issued monday evening , u.s. district judge william m.
" there was a bride " and she survived the wreck , miller said . then , as the driver of the limousine they had booked to help keep them safe during a trip to local wineries attempted to make a u-turn on route 48 and depot lane in cutchogue , the lives of the four friends came to a tragic end saturday . “it was surreal ; it did not look real. some of their cars remained at the home , steven baruch said . ; alicia arundel , 24 , of setauket ; and olga lipets , 24 , of brooklyn .
” the instagram post continued saying that bush touched her from behind and told her a dirty joke — all while being photographed . i can refuse to call him president , and call out other abuses of power when i see them . earlier : turn : washington ’ s spies actress heather lind has come forward with accusations that president george h.w . #metoo. bush has issued a second apology to the first . ” this was followed by numerous tweets about sexual harassment . ’ as i felt his hand dig into my flesh , he said , ‘david cop-a-feel !
in 1997 , an episode of " pokémon " that aired in japan with flashing lights sent nearly 700 children to the hospital . thank you . story_separator_special_tag this is not a joke . if you have been disappointed by the creative decisions made by disney-pixar , please sign the petition created by @moviehealthcommunity for disney to include a seizure warning for moviegoers and people who buy/rent the movie . watch it on your pc - turn the monitor off , but keep the audio going . i was at a first-night showing tonight , and my immediate thought was how disasterously unsafe this movie is for my photosensitive epilepic friends .
” to the point of the creative decision to switch the genders on ghostbusters , feig explained : “ghostbusters are for everybody . it ’ s pretty genderless. take a break ! the plot per wiig ’ s character ? this trailer starts by nudging your nostalgia with familiar music and visuals . july 15th can ' t come soon enough . there also will be a new version of that tune . and oh boy , does it have us intrigued . we see a library ghost , slimer , proton packs , and ecto-1 — but everything is just slightly tweaked and modernized .
if you ' re kim kardashian , you get her shoes ! ’ and i said … ’ ok , ’ and that was it. robert kardashian‘s ex-wife and widow have come forward in a star magazine exclusive in which they both claim that the late kardashian expressed his doubts about the paternity of khloe . plus ... now , to be clear , i don ' t think the shoe is actually intended for kate -- like , i don ' t think kim ' s people wrapped a pair up and sent it off to kensington palace .
the government generally labels any armed opposition as " terrorism " . damascus needs to show it is still serious about relinquishing its chemical weapons , the sources told reuters . on previous days that has been followed by separate consultations with mr brahimi and each of the two delegations in the afternoon , but on tuesday the opposition delegation said this would not happen . congressional committees held up weapons deliveries for months over fears that the weapons , most of which are moving to non-islamist syrian rebels via jordan , include a variety of small arms , as well as some more powerful weapons , such as anti-tank rockets .
the girl claimed her 12 brothers and sisters were being held captive inside the home by her parents , some of them bound with chains and padlocks , the riverside county sheriff ' s department said . investigators discovered " several children shackled to the call came from a cellphone that she had managed to find in the house before fleeing . 15 , 2018. david allen turpin , left , and louise anna turpin , right . the seven adults are being treated at corona regional medical center in corona , authorities story_separator_special_tag people bicycle past a house in the 100 block of muir woods road in perris on monday , jan.
” “at the wishes of her beloved parents , fundraising in greenlee ’ s memory are being made available to all who knew her and loved her in our community , ” it continued . a spokesperson for the new boston police department did not immediately respond to people ’ s request for comment . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . she was trying to rescue two kittens from behind her family ’ s dryer when she was tragically taken from this world .
sources said discussions between bosch and mlb were delayed while bosch ' s lawyers spoke to the u.s. attorney ' s office to get a sense of what sort of legal jeopardy bosch might face . investigators have had records naming about 20 players for more than a month . if the suspensions are upheld , the performance-enhancing drug scandal would be the largest in american sports history . ( associated press ) file - in this july 23 , 2012 , file photo , new york yankees ' alex rodriguez watches a home run against the seattle mariners in a baseball game in seattle .
and everything he was saying to people was like stuff you never say to somebody on their first day at the job . besides the fact of him calling me a bastard and a heathen and a m — – f — – and telling me , ‘f — you ! you know what i mean ? i can ’ t play for no racist. chief executive doug parker told employees last month that american airlines will implement implicit-bias training . he ’ s loopy. uh-oh . now , if you follow the golden globe awards and know nothing else about the film , you might think it is some sort of funny movie because it ’ s in the comedy category .
" there is an apparent double standard with respect to lawmakers trying to reduce health care for american workers while taking a subsidy for health care for themselves . " of that total , " taxpayers kick in $ 700 . mike kelly ( r-penn ) and bobby schilling ( r-ill. it ’ s a bit more complicated than that . chump change ? the white house got involved this week when press secretary robert gibbs said mr. harris faces a “particularly interesting dilemma. ” incoming gop rep. mcentee . during the 2008 presidential campaign , sen.
media playback is unsupported on your device media caption cctv footage appears to show the moment kim jong-nam is attacked after a 30-minute meeting with siti aisyah on saturday , indonesian deputy ambassador andreano erwin said : " she only said in general that somebody asked her to do this activity . the airport has been swept for toxic chemicals by a forensic team , the fire department and the atomic energy licensing board . police ... the well-travelled and multilingual oldest son of late north korean leader kim jong-il , he was once considered a potential future leader .
mr. vidmar programs accounts like these to " follow " other twitter accounts , and to rebroadcast tweets . vidmar to log into mr. story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . rapper dave murrell , who calls himself fyrare and has paid mr. one day earlier this month , jim vidmar bought 1,000 fake twitter accounts for $ 58 from an online vendor in pakistan . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
" this discovery is a hugely important step forward in documenting and understanding europe ' s most devastating pandemic , " he said . archaeologists immediately suspected the bones came from a cemetery for plague victims . the plague the plague is one of the oldest identifiable diseases known to man plague is spread from one rodent to another by fleas , and to humans either by the bite of infected fleas or when handling infected hosts recent outbreaks have shown that plague may reappear in areas that have long been free of the disease plague can be treated with antibiotics such as streptomycin and tetracycline source : world health organization it arrived on britain ' s shores in 1348 and is believed to have wiped out up to 60 % of the population at the time .
i was supposed to be there for her at that moment and i was . when she didn ' t answer he walked toward her . " darnell actually lifted her from the outside of the railing to the safety of the sidewalk . 18 , heading southbound on elmwood avenue , he saw a disturbing sight on the scajaquada expressway overpass . his co-workers call him ' big country ' , a big man with a big heart , and after he did what he did , the passengers gave him a round of applause . “do you need help ?
must watch deadly ebola virus hits uganda 00 : 06 play video " we do expect the number of suspected cases to increase , " he said . at least 16 people have died in the current outbreak . a total of 232 people suspected to have had contact with ebola victims were also being monitored . the five prisoners have been showing ebola-like symptoms of vomiting , diarrhea and fever , the doctor said . funerals in uganda are typically elaborate affairs that draw huge crowds . dan kyamanywa said thursday . in neighbouring kenya , a second suspected case of ebola was reported in eldoret , a large town in the rift valley , where a man has been placed in isolation .
“they started throwing bottles everywhere , ” he said . a representative for the club declined to comment . and chris brown as well as drake could end up as defendants.thestar filed the lawsuit thursday in ny state supreme court ... ’ s owners responsible for the “corneal laceration of the left eye and other injuries ” he suffered in the bottle-throwing brawl at the now-shuttered vandam street club . “she ’ s been known , like helen of troy , to cause trouble , ” jaroslawicz said . sources said drake , 25 , sent brown , 23 , into a rage when his table sent over a note that read , “i am f – king the love of your life.
fox ' s chris wallace pressed kudlow , noting that reports have said the president was " livid " that canada arrested meng as he worked to reach a trade deal with china . “there ’ s a very real prospect that on the day donald trump leaves office , the justice department may indict him , ” schiff said on cbs ’ face the nation . house intelligence committee ranking member rep. that huawei did break the iranian sanctions through different financial channels . adam schiff ( d-ca ) arrives for a democratic caucus meeting in the u.s. capitol visitors center november 14 , 2018 in washington , d.c. chip somodevilla/getty images rep.
he was convicted last july but has maintained his innocence , saying he was scapegoated by investigators . the complaint alleges that the two defendants conspired to win the december 29 , 2007 , wisconsin megabucks lottery game . tipton is also charged with four additional counts of computer crime . ( photo : brian powers/the register ) buy photo a former iowa lottery security official accused of rigging drawings to win prize money in several states is facing new felony charges in wisconsin . rhodes later submitted the winning ticket for payment , and rhodes and tipton allegedly split the proceeds totaling $ 783,257.72 .
a labor union that had contributed millions to democrats and his election campaign was granted an ownership share of chrysler and a major stake in gm , two flagships of the industry.the u.s. department of treasury — american taxpayers — was asked to become a majority stockholder of gm . ” “i said , ‘no depression. investments must be made for the future . the need for collaboration will mean accepting sanity in salaries and perks . i grew up drinking vernors and watching ballgames at michigan &amp; trumbull . ex-presidents usually get six figures for these appearances .
archaeologist kristian strutt , experimental officer and director of archaeological prospection services at the university of southampton , says : “archaeologists and historians have known for centuries that there was a medieval city at old sarum , but until now the 170 metre long , 65 metre wide complex , arranged around a large courtyard , had walls up to 3 metres thick – and included a 60 metre long probable great hall , what appears to have been a substantial tower and multi-story buildings with upper floors almost certainly supported by substantial columns . • evidence of deposits indicating industrial features , such as kilns or furnaces .
it won ’ t be today in any case , ” sergeant torbjörn roos told nerikes allehanda . : a prosecutor issued a temporary detention order after questioning the suspect on saturday morning.the 33-year-old , who is suspected of assault , issuing illegal threats and resisting arrest , was released from police custody on saturday afternoon , hours after the designated time of his wedding.“it ’ s not yet certain whether there will be a wedding . the trouble started at a pub in örebro in central sweden where the couple went to enjoy a few drinks with friends the night before their nuptials were scheduled to take place.an argument that began at the swedish watering hole continued at the couple ’ s home in the nearby village of vintrosa and then turned to physical violence between the loving pair.twelve hours before her wedding , the woman called the police to report her partner,33 , for assault reports swedish newspaper nerikes allehandra when the police arrived at the scene , the man allegedly hit his fiancée again a number of times and threatened to kill her .
she was a member of the state assembly from 1982 to 1986 before she was elected to the house of representatives . louise slaughter , d-n.y. kentucky-born slaughter holds a bachelor ' s degree in microbiology and a master ' s degree in public health . slaughter , d-fairport , last week fell at her washington , d.c. ... vfreile@gannett.com http://on.rocne.ws/2grp0ek story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) rep. dr. there , medical professionals are also monitoring her for a concussion . liam fitzsimmons is her chief of staff . her strong example inspired countless young women to know their power , and seek their rightful place at the head of the decision-making table .
photo officials in two departments of china ’ s general administration of customs in beijing declined to comment on thursday evening about the status of rare earth exports . that is a sizable , additional cost for only recently have other nations begun scrambling to develop or expand their own mining capabilities . mrs. advertisement continue reading the main story the chinese government assigns its quotas to the authorized exporters , who often trade those rights like commodities . meanwhile , annual demand outside china for raw rare earths approaches 50,000 tons , according to industry estimates . clinton spoke after meeting with japan ’ s foreign minister , seiji maehara , and said that the suspension of shipments had been a “wake-up call ” and that both countries would have to find alternative sources of rare earth materials .
ross protested , citing trusts for his family that he said he did not have to disclose in federal filings . ’ i guarantee you there ’ s no problem . and based on our interviews with ten former employees at ross ' private equity firm , wl ross &amp; co. ” getty images 9/18 on the second amendment " hillary wants to abolish — essentially abolish the second does that make sense ? and after one month of digging , forbes is confident it has found the answer : that money never existed . blood coming out of her wherever.
" [ meet the rare and fabulous felines of ' super cats ' ( photos ) ] the second episode in the miniseries aired on pbs last night ( oct. nature uncovers their social sides , their complex communication , devoted parental care , courtship rituals , hunting patterns and more . low-light technology exposes a true rarity : a puma preying on magellanic penguins , one of the few successful hunts ever caught on film . 31 ) . remote cameras capture exclusive intimate moments between a mother pallas ’ cat and her kittens . murray abraham produced &amp; directed by gavin boyland photography stuart dunn sound zubin sarosh additional photography simon enderby sue gibson david lougedo josé luis rouco fernandez kalyan varma visual air productions additional sound nick allinson ellie williams film editor nick carline edit producer gillian taylor assistant film editor jack roberts post production doghouse post production wounded buffalo graphic design bdh creative sound editor jonny crew dubbing mixer ben peace colorist fred tay online editor michael lansdell original music bleeding fingers score producers monica sonand russell emanuel scientific consultants dr alexander sliwa dr luke hunter special thanks tatjana hubel sabah parks department le parc des félins university of muhammadiyah , palangka raya archive borneo nature foundation shanshui/panthera/slt/seef/gzc wildlife permits provided by junta de andalucía junta de extramedura ministry of environment and forests , india director sara douglas researchers anna place harriet lawrence leah arnold-redman production coordinators jo armstrong davis susanna prouse production team arpana paterson jane atkins george pilas sophie edwards becky payne eshika fyzee nathalie galve ellie kynaston production manager stella stylianos unit manager kate gorst commissioning editor tom mcdonald series producer gavin boyland executive producer michael gunton for nature series editor janet hess senior producer laura metzger lynch coordinating story_separator_special_tag the black-footed cat ( felis nigripes ) hunts amongst the short desert scrub in the karoo of south africa .
heroin overdoses are spiking in chicago . " the best thing would be to have ( narcan ) , " said dan bigg , the group ' s director . the hospital typically sees two or three overdoses a day , she said . the powerful synthetic painkiller adds a potent kick to heroin , making it attractive to suppliers seeking an edge with customers . police were investigating if at least one recent death was caused by a heroin overdose . dr. oct. 2 , 2015 . the dea issued a nationwide health alert in march .
) from consumerreports.org : story_separator_special_tag a california man is suing the hilton hotels corporation for charging him 75 cents for a copy of the usa today newspaper that he did not request , according to a complaint filed last week in federal court in san francisco . harmon ? ” he added , “we as individuals are expected to make an honest dollar. wolden said monday . but mr. hilton officials declined comment , citing the pending litigation . he stepped over the paper and walked away . " it ' s over a piddly sum , but the case could have big implications if it becomes the impetus to sue other hotel chains , since many hotels do just the same thing .
' " sitting in the same apartment in berlin ' s schmargendorf area where she was born 95 years ago , she carefully eats tiny pieces of crumb cake from a silver fork . ( ap ) -- a farm purchased by a richmond department store owner during world war ii to shelter jews escaping nazi germany has been added to the virginia landmarks register . from 1938 to 1941 , about 30 jewish immigrants lived and worked at hyde farmlands , which was devoted to dairy and poultry operations . then someone yelled , " hitler is dead !
the most powerful memory technique of all is the “memory palace ” , which is precisely an instrument that exploits the powers of spatial context to enhance memory . but in essence , they instructed people to deliberately remember or forget words they ’ d just learned . hamilton and mr. when therefore , accusations of complicity in that mass murder from responsible authorities are a grave matter . the pages have been kept secret since 2002. he was fahad al thumairy , who worked as an imam at a mosque in los angeles and was employed by the saudi ministry of islamic affairs .
the move also reflects some lawmakers ’ lingering doubts about the u.s. military ’ s ability to conduct strikes against al-qaeda and its regional affiliates without hitting the wrong targets and killing civilians . story_separator_special_tag aden ( reuters ) - a yemeni farmer was killed in a u.s. drone strike on wednesday in what witnesses said was an attack apparently intended for suspected islamist militants in southeastern yemen . sen. but in a few dark seconds their celebrations were eviscerated . 1 of 86 full screen autoplay close skip ad × tom toles goes global view photos a collection of cartoons about international news .
" i think he ' s got a very serious problem , " she said ahead of the retirement system ' s announcement . sandusky was sentenced ... in them , jerry sandusky expressed little sympathy for the 10 boys he was convicted of molesting . sandusky received a total of $ 900,000 in pension payments between 1999 and september 2012. in letters to the judge who would sentence the former coach , the sanduskys portrayed themselves as virtuous victims of a vast conspiracy . they blamed powerful , image-conscious forces at penn state university , lying cops , ambitious prosecutors and a scandal-hungry news media .
they found that costs saved by frequent travelers using expedited security exceeded the cost of waiving their enrollment fees for precheck . about 12 million people have signed up for the program , dubbed tsa precheck , and similar programs for international travelers . “i can spend more time at the office instead of spending time waiting in security lines , " said wayne broadfield , 38 , a washington-based architect . this paper explores this suggestion and suggests that for certain high volume travelers , offering them tsa precheck at no cost is economically attractive to the tsa .
stroth called on authorities to release footage of rosenthal ’ s death . a short time afterward , rosenthal shot himself in the head , police said . or “let us see steve , � ? he also said no officer reported opening fire , as is required by law and department policy . chicago police said officers spotted rosenthal with a gun and tried to stop him about 6 : 55 p.m. friday near his home in the 1500 block of south keeler . “my nephew would never commit suicide , ever , ” terinica thomas , the boy ’ s aunt and legal guardian , declared sunday .
to what degree is the light from a device , not the cognitive stimulation it provides , responsible for the known sleep effects of screens ? " or , preclude one ' s ability to chill . that was the decree of psychologist richard bootzin in his influential 1972 proposal for a " stimulus-control " approach to better sleep . that is why daily light-dark cycles are important for normal levels of alertness and sleep in most people . " czeisler story_separator_special_tag reading from electronic gadgets before going to bed can make it more difficult to fall asleep . they also displayed delayed circadian rhythms .
she escaped from the home in washington park earlier this week and went to police , saying her child was still in the house . police would not identify either of them by name because they had not been charged as of thursday evening . a teenage girl reported missing more than two ... she was 15 when she disappeared . louis , mo. the teen told police she was held against her will and was beaten and sexually assaulted almost every day . one of the officers carried the child _ apparently unharmed _ in his arms , and a white sheet was draped over the child ' s head to conceal the toddler ' s identity .
young earlier said in a statement : “i sincerely regret what happened . he was later taken to midtown north precinct , where he slept off the rest of his stupor . someone in shanks group called 911 — and the tigers terror was arrested on charges of aggravated harassment in the second degree , a misdemeanor with a hate-crime element . it was not immediately clear whether the man , who refused medical attention , is jewish , cavitolo said . police said he used an anti-semitic slur against four men and tackled one of them . “he has no criminal record , ” and “the chance of jail in this case is extremely unlikely.
, and a member of step . according to the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , brazil generates the greatest amount of electronic waste ( e-waste ) per capita among emerging countries . step is run by u.n. agencies , governments , ngos and scientists . " this is why we have developed this e-waste map . the weight of electronic goods discarded every year worldwide would rise to 65.4 million tonnes from 2012 to 2017 from 48.9 million in 2012 , with most of the growth in developing nations , step said . the numbers are staggering .
in the study , 40 french-speaking adult participants learned a list of 16 swahili-french word pairs ( for example , nyanya-tomate ) , relearned those word pairs after a period of 12 hours that did or did not include sleep , and were tested on their memory for the word pairs after one week and after six months . recent discoveries from neuroscience provide insights into that possibility . relearning refers to the process of re-acquiring forgotten information . according to this new research , sleep supercharges relearning : it can enable us to relearn twice as quickly and up to three times more effectively .
they had received a complaint from one of the neighbors that the diy water slide was blocking the road , asheville police said . read more asheville , n.c. police spokeswoman christina hallingse said the officers were responding to a noise complaint sunday morning when they arrived at the holiday block party . but when cops in asheville , north carolina , responded to a complaint about a giant slip-and-slide that had been set up for a fourth of july block party , they did the unexpected : they took a ride themselves . ( ap ) — two north carolina police officers who investigated a noise complaint decided to let it slide -- and then they slid down the street along with neighbors who were enjoying a makeshift water slide .
moore allegedly instructed evens to gain unauthorized access to victims ’ email accounts and sent payments to evens in exchange for nude photos he obtained , according to the indictment . “people are being humiliated , hurt , ” said walls , who helped push through a california law banning revenge porn . “i don ’ t know how you can point a finger at me ; you took the picture , ” moore said in 2012 tv interview defending his site to a victim whose photo was allegedly posted on the site by her boyfriend . they were expected to make initial court appearances later thursday in the districts in which they were arrested .
the miss world contest is slated to start on thursday and culminate in the crowning of a new winner on dec. the pair had been celebrating a friend ' s birthday near their home town of santa barbara , where student alvarado , 19 , was spending time with her parents before flying to britain to represent her country . " there is an all-powerful god that sees everything , and i hope you set them free . 14. police spokesman lt. they are being investigated . its murder rate of 169 per 100,000 people far surpasses anything in north america or much larger cities like lagos or sao paulo .
democrats pushing for the rules change argued that it was a targeted approach — inapplicable in most instances — and would not be as egregious as republicans claim . in addition to massively expanding the use of the filibuster to block legislation , senate republicans have started using it to block qualified executive branch nominees in order to block the execution of laws they find distasteful . mr. reid . “we need to understand your grievances more , ” he said . senate minority leader mitch mcconnell ( r-ky. ) , who is trying to head off the high-stakes fight , privately reached out to vice president joe biden , but it ’ s expected that biden would vote with democrats in case there ’ s a 50-50 tie .
“i want the identity of the caller released , ” she says . in a statement on thursday , kathleen mccartney , smith ’ s president , apologized to ms. ’ ” kanoute said . “it is a powerful reminder that building an inclusive , diverse and sustainable community is urgent and ongoing work. i ’ m the first in my family to go to college . ” nevertheless , the report acknowledges that the student was having lunch near a campus dining area , and that she was put in fear when the officer approached her .
“we should accept chris ’ apology on behalf of the greenwich community , ” hurvitz said . they include : providing a positive image ; respecting the rights of opponents and spectators ; representing team , school and town with dignity . “this is a situation where education is needed , ” ginsburg said . “there was a lack of understanding . “anything that aims to either glamorize or use something ” levinson said he didn ’ t even look abashed . rabbi mitchell m. ” levison said her son came off the field visibly angered .
a borough police officer was caught on camera telling a resident that police don ' t have to follow the constitution because president barack obama doesn ' t , either . recine repeats himself . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . " he was in our building and he got some of our employees upset , " he said about wronko . " staff writer sergio bichao : 908-243-6615 ; sbichao@mycentraljersey.com http://mycj.co/1scydwb in my opinion it ' s an embarrassment . " we wanted them to pay for the medical bills .
ticotin · second assistant directors : ben lanning , sarah hood · first assistant director ( jordan unit ) : scott robertson · second assistant directors ( jordan unit ) : jonas spaccarotelli , yanal kassay · second second assistant director ( jordan unit ) : tarek afifi · unit production manager ( india unit ) : rajeev mehra tom hooper les miserables ( universal pictures ) mr. steven spielberg ' s " lincoln " dominated the nominations for the ee british academy film awards early wednesday . " story_separator_special_tag once again , the twilight saga has been deemed so much swill by razzie voters .
” will the vehicle to transport individuals fly ? well , it ’ s a stretch . ” as he tells it , the switch to airborne vehicles would be as significant as the development of underground subway systems 150 years ago . “with flying , you don ’ t need to pour billions into concrete bridges and roads , ” he said . a spokesman for airbus declined to say how much the company was investing in urban mobility . cool ! ( probably not. ok. more significantly , this month ’ s airbus magazine story on the vahana gives a lot of reasons to be skeptical .
seminole county sheriff ' s office http://xml.channel.aol.com/xmlpublisher/fetch.v2.xml?option=expand_relative_urls&dataurlnodes ; =uiconfig , feedconfig , localizationconfig , entry&id ; =686529&pid ; =686528&uts ; =1270263488 http://www.aolcdn.com/ke/media_gallery/v1/ke_media_gallery_wrapper.swf masterminds need not apply george jolicoeur , a 600-pound florida man with a long record of scamming restaurants and convenience stores pleaded no contest april 1 to five charges that he sought refunds by making false claims , including one that a $ 50 order of beef jerky from a 7-eleven was moldy . 2. we ’ re trying to win back all the money we ’ ve lost at hard rock .
" trump ' s nominees face an unusual hurdle : they don ' t just have to defend themselves — they ' ll be barraged with questions about their boss ' s tweets and campaign statements . jared kushner at a press conference shortly after donald trump won the new york presidential primary . view in browser presented by bank of america axios am by mike allen · jan 09 , 2017 good morning — again ; 11 days to president trump . fake " code pink " demonstrators occasionally interrupt a " hearing . ( this account is based on interviews with multiple attendees.
this incident proceeded with the loss of her hand and part of her arm . on friday , june 2nd , they were on a snorkeling excursion in the bahamas where tiffany was attacked by a shark . “i ’ m thankful to be able to share this story and i hope , and i know , that it ’ s going to change people ’ s lives because you can ’ t hear this story and not see god in it , ” tiffany said . story_separator_special_tag hey everyone .. tiffany said she felt a bump from behind .
the israeli government asserted that each of the four attacks was on a legitimate military target but provided no specific information to support its claims . “just because israel says a journalist was a fighter or a tv station was a command center does not make it so , ” said sarah leah whitson , middle east director at human rights watch . the idf said that al-kumi and salama were “hamas operatives ” and cameramen for al-aqsa , which “regularly features programming that encourages and praises attacks on israeli civilians. ” the two men ’ s families , interviewed separately , said the men were neither participating in the fighting nor members of any armed group .
gunmen opened fire wednesday at a major museum in tunisia ' s ... tunisia ' s presidency said four of those arrested were directly linked to the attack and five had " ties to the cell " . both gunmen were killed . some 300 polish tourists are in tunisia , according to tourist story_separator_special_tag tunis , tunisia ( ap ) — spanish tourist juan carlos sanchez was waiting in tunisia ' s leading museum to go have lunch with his tour guide when a man came streaking past , fleeing gunshots . national flags on government buildings were flown half-staff in a sign of mourning .
what is the least common pin number ? read on … disclaimer this article is not intended to be a hacker bible , or to be used as a utility , resource , or tool to help would-be thieves perform nefarious actions . meanwhile , every four-digit combination that starts with " 19 " ranks above the 80th percentile in popularity , with those in the late — er , upper — 1900s coming in the highest . which of these pin codes is the most predictable ? why so high ? i don ’ t get it ! some other interesting anedcotes from the data : half of all passwords are among story_separator_special_tag pin analysis a good friend of mine , ian , recently forwarded me an internet joke .
" that ' s a line in the sand , " corker said . " dodd plans to have the 22 senators on the committee vote on the bill during the week of march 22 , after which it could be quickly considered on the senate floor some time in the spring . however , dodd declined to comment about whether it was that structure he would ultimately agree to . corker said dodd and he had come to an agreement to allow a group of five agencies , the treasury , federal deposit insurance corp. case in point : dodd and other democrats have installed a series of shareholder empowering provisions in the bank reform bill that corker and others are opposed to .
it is u.s. customs and border protection ’ s ( cbp ) border security responsibility to ensure that these imports comply with all applicable u.s. laws , including consumer safety standards . , for possessing counterfeit labels and potentially dangerous ion lithium batteries . cbp in chicago recently announced a record seizure of more than 16,000 potentially unsafe hoverboards . trade violations can also be reported by calling 1-800-be-alert . charleston , s.c. hoverboards — self-balancing , two-wheeled , motorized platforms — are one of this year ’ s most popular items . for more information on cbp ’ s efforts involving counterfeit goods , visit ipr enforcement program .
" parents should never place the baby on a sofa , couch , or cushioned chair , either alone or sleeping with another person . more details are included at the end of this release.approximately 3,500 infants die annually in the united states from sleep-related deaths , including sudden infant death syndrome ( sids ) ; ill-defined deaths ; and accidental suffocation and strangulation . " that ' s really the only thing giving us comfort right now . " i have a lot of guilt . washington mom jordan derosier took to social media to express her emptiness after she suddenly lost her seven-month-old sloan on july 3.
sullivan said the changes will enhance the safety of fraternity and sorority members , as well as guests . on nov. that measure appears designed to prevent situations that could lead to sexual assault at u-va ’ s fraternities . came under scrutiny after rolling stone magazine reported on an alleged gang rape at a fraternity house in 2012. ( ap ) — university of virginia president teresa a. because of the sensitive nature of jackie ' s story , we decided to honor her request not to contact the man who she claimed orchestrated the attack on her nor any of the men who she claimed participated in the attack for fear of retaliation against her .
story_separator_special_tag republican tim pawlenty says he won ' t sign a pledge written by a conservative iowa group that asks presidential candidates to denounce same-sex marriage rights , pornography and forms of islamic law . these are not the droids you are looking for ! doh ! 404 ! mitt romney ' s decision tuesday . michele bachmann and former pennsylvania sen. but he says he prefers " to choose my own words , especially seeking to show compassion to those who are in broken families through no fault of their own . pawlenty said wednesday he agrees with the principles behind the family leader ' s marriage vow .
" you get good money from jim beam to put that emblem on the side of your bus . in an interview earlier this year with the blog autostraddle , wright said coming out " didn ' t help my career . the couple married at the home of blitzer ’ s aunt in connecticut . wishing you a long and joyful life together . tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . " a january article in the tennessean said that wright ’ s sales were down about two-thirds from her last studio album and noted that she had shifted her focus from country music to americana .
in a statement , russia ’ s foreign ministry put the onus on syria ’ s opposition forces to provide secure access to the site of the “reported incident. story_separator_special_tag dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . ” however , mr. the attacks occurred early wednesday in syria , when it would still have been tuesday in california for about eight more hours . the syrian government did not comment on friday . pentagon officials said the decision did not reflect any specific orders from washington , but both destroyers had on board tomahawk cruise missiles , long-range weapons that probably would be among the first launched against targets in syria should the president decide to take military action .
ortega shares a harlem apartment with her sister , her niece and ortega ’ s 17-year-old son , jesus , who recently moved from their native dominican republic and attends a bronx high school . i would like unlimited access upgrade print subscription best coverage of the events that matter to central ohio best coverage of ohio state sports best coverage of hot-button issues best coverage of local arts and entertainment the children ’ s grieving parents , cnbc exec kevin krim and wife marina linsley krim , yesterday remained in seclusion with surviving daughter nessie , 3 1/2 .
chelsea clinton ’ s husband marc and their nanny take charlotte to her first day of preschool — which she misses to campaign for her sick mom. a lot . first of all , a father isn ’ t a member of “the village. can you imagine the same being said for trump and his grandkids ? the handy bullet points that the story_separator_special_tag ... kissing , snuggling and hugging hedgehogs . big whoop . every day there ’ s at least one moment where we want to hurl our computers through a window , because the sexist coverage of this election does not stop .
authorities began dragging meyers lake over the weekend for a sign of the girls . " it ' s been good talking to people , " she said . the mothers of both girls said they were trying to stay strong as the search entered its third day . " misty cook-morrissey and heather collins are sisters . they smile a lot . " it keeps your mind off of what ' s happening . just watched dad : not first time kid has gone missing replay more videos ... they ' re great , they ' re really great .
congealed fats , oils and grease have blocked a sewer main between baltimore penn station and the 1700 block of charles street . unfortunately , as they were working in the pipe a backup occurred and led to a sewer overflow . any repairs or replacement of the sewer pipe that crosses charles street at lanvale street will be determined once the fog has been entirely removed . a similar fatberg estimated to weigh more than 140 tons was also recently discovered in london ’ s sewer system and is expected to take weeks to destroy . nearly 1.2 million gallons of sewage overflowed on sept.
yet the inner workings of aereo ' s system are crucial to that issue , at least from aereo ' s point of view . one lawyer sought to persuade the court that the cloud is falling , so to speak , while another said not to worry about it , and a third said it means nothing legally if it is only used with “a gimmick. you can read the whole transcript in this pdf . maybe even a super bowl replay , or two . " everyone outside the court should be disturbed by a question like that .
she was 99. " maria von trapp was the last surviving member of the seven original trapp family singers made famous in " the sound of music . she wrote in a biography posted on the trapp family ' s website that she was born in the austrian alps after her family fled fighting from world war i and that she was surrounded by music growing up . ( associated press ) file-this aug. our lodge offers stunning mountain views , old-world comforts , and impeccable service , along with activities for every season . a lot of vermont ® !
on that date when plaintiff claims john met him , john was not in california and it can be proved that he was on the east coast . story_separator_special_tag jerod harris/wireimage is this merely a case of pulp pure fiction ? " travolta , who is married to actress kelly preston , is said to have later apologized for his behavior . " update : radaronline reports that a second masseur has filed a $ 2 million sexual battery lawsuit against travolta . meanwhile , travolta ' s camp released the following statement to e ! news about the matter .
bush on terror and obama vs. full results below : approval rating before : 48 % approve , 49 % disapprove after : 48 % approve , 49 % disapprove country heading in the right or wrong direction ? when compared to president george w. only 35 percent of democrats share that view , however , with a slender 4 percent giving the former president a lot of credit . the poll , encompassing 600 people on saturday april 30th and sunday may 1st , and a further 600 on monday may 2nd and tuesday may 3rd.
“( kerri ) has had in her possession her father less than a week and decided to stop all medication and kill him , ” she testified . anthony ’ s. kasem to die . casey kasem was wheeled out of a washington home on june 1. ” ndillon@nydailynews.com “it would be acutely harmful for mr. “this is breaking my heart . kasem almost drowning. he said doctors at st. judge daniel s. kerri ’ s lawyer troy martin vehemently disputed that claim . ( ted s. story_separator_special_tag the judge overseeing casey kasem ’ s family feud reversed course wednesday and revoked an earlier decision ordering doctors to artificially feed and hydrate the radio icon .
shinji nishimoto , a neuroscientist in gallant ' s lab and the study ' s lead author , said the results shed light on how the brain understands and processes visual experiences . for the top stories in tech , at @pcmag . what emerged was like a surrealist painting : a blurry , dream-like interpretation of reality ( see video below ) . the algorithm thus learned to associate certain neural patterns with dynamic informationshapes , images , soundsagainst 18 million seconds of random youtube videos . the key word there is " continuous . if the technology could be used to broadcast imagery , it could one day allow people who are paralyzed to control their environment by imagining sequences of movements .
south korea warned that the united states and its allies were working story_separator_special_tag image copyright facebook north korea says it has arrested a us student accused of committing a " hostile act " against the state . he was detained at pyongyang airport as he was going through customs , the tour company said . warmbier home. kcna said warmbier had entered the country with an “aim to destroy the country ’ s unity ” . ... u.s. rep. 2 ahead of a flight back to china , said gareth johnson of young pioneer tours , which organized the visit .
and yet pope francis ’ s approval rating is more than double that of obama ’ s . at the conclusion of his visit to the vatican in 2009 , obama reportedly said that he looked forward to “a very strong relationship between our two countries. both preside over deeply divided constituencies and institutions that have been plagued by scandal and bureaucratic incompetence . this only 50 years after john f. 4 speech . peter . herein lies the genius of pope francis ’ s papacy : he has persuaded the world he isn ’ t a politician and , in doing so , has become arguably the most politically influential man in the world .
" tuesday ' s attack marks the latest in the president ' s feud with the fed . trump said last week that he had no intention of firing powell , and there is no historical precedent for such action . photo : getty images . the federal reserve has raised interest rates by one-quarter point three times this year , with a fourth increase likely slated for december as monetary policymakers seek to temper credit demand . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . " trump noted . “how the hell do you compete with that ?
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . watch the awards on february 10 , 2019 on cbs . hide the charts.#ts6iscoming — ts6 is coming ( @slaylorstan ) august 18 , 2017 #ts6iscoming i cant breathe god help me help us its happening finally happening omg pic.twitter.com/yhzvrpgheo — sara 🌹 ( @saramaliha27 ) august 18 , 2017 no im not what is happening #ts6iscoming pic.twitter.com/uomlykbyjv — taqfia muskaan ( @taqfia111 ) august 18 , 2017 read more
“it was a mistake. " there are a number of people on the team that have access to the account and it appears that someone inadvertently hit the like button . he said so in his book “a time for truth : reigniting the promise of america. it was not malicious conduct , " cruz said . sen. the texas senator woke up tuesday to find his name trending on twitter — linked overnight to a certain explicit video , perhaps unfairly , perhaps irrevocably . it features a sectional sofa , the pornographic actress cory chase , her fictitious nude stepdaughter , and a very energetic young man .
some also pointed out witnesses should have pushed the emergency button to stop the escalator story_separator_special_tag a woman was killed in central china when part of an escalator she was travelling on in a shopping centre collapsed under her feet and she fell through the gap . " wrote one . video : viewer discretion advised : the accident happened at anliang department store in jingzhou , hubei on sunday . " others were moved by the woman ' s final actions . most comments expressed fury at the shop management . twelve people were injured last year after an escalator on the subway in shanghai started going backwards .
and the re-birth of samsung ' s mobile dominance . close a customer gets help from an employee at an apple inc. it ' s a pretty sweet set-up for someone who has an old iphone and wants a new one . this latest ploy , which won ' t be available at ( tmus ) , as well as other carriers and device makers , amid brisk demand for refurbished iphone 4s and 4ss in emerging markets . , declined to comment . store in san francisco . a recent report found that samsung passed apple in the u.s. cellphone market — at least for now .
“when your mom dies you ’ re the best memory of her , ” alice said , according to a tweet from oswalt . ( the two wed in 2005. 826la encourages young writers to explore their creativity and improve their writing skills , and helps teachers get their classes excited about writing . in addition to these remembrances of mcnamara , oswalt has been sharing multiple moving obituaries of her life and work . her interest in researching unsolved criminal cases sparked her to launch the website true crime diary . learn more " she wrote lines that stung &amp; hummed .
barrio was first gored in the thigh by the 1,166-pound ( 530-kilogram ) bull ' s left horn and his body was flipped over . medics were at his side almost immediately , but attempts to save his life were unsuccessful . his death , shown live on television , was confirmed on the website of madrid ' s las ventas bullring , where barrio began as an apprentice bullfighter in 2010. great matador . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . rest in peace , " spanish prime minister mariano rajoy tweeted . " my condolences to the family and colleagues of victor barrio , the deceased bullfighter this evening in teruel .
" i think it [ the bill ] is likely now to pass in the house , " upton told reporters at the white house after meeting with trump . a cbo study of a past version of the bill found that it would lead to 24 million more people becoming uninsured over the next decade , and sharp premium hikes over the next two years for individual health plans . mark meadows ( r-n.c. story_separator_special_tag rep. period. long , r-mo. because they need to be covered . it isn ' t a solution , it ' s an insult , " he said .
pyongyang ' s powerful national defense commission earlier said seoul ' s demand for working-level talks was deceptive and that ongoing u.s.-south korean military drills and the spreading of anti-north korea leaflets at the border were proof of seoul ' s insincerity . six days later north korea ... south korean president park geun-hye met with her security-related cabinet ministers on friday , regarding fate of the kaesong complex . about 180 south koreans remain there in hopes that production can resume , but they are thought to be quickly running out of food and supplies . although work at the center has been suspended during times of heightened tensions , it has never been shut down completely since it was established in 2004.
mcdonald on many of his trips to ballparks to dump the ashes . in riegel ’ s ashes were flushed at both progressive field and at the rock &amp; roll hall of fame , because mr. " but for roy , this is the perfect tribute to a plumber and a baseball fan and just a brilliant , wild guy . boneker recalled . mcdonald said . louis , kansas city , mo. sandy alderson calls criticism of mets ’ medical staff ‘unfair ’ “we grew up since i was in the cub scouts when i was a little kid , known him since i was about 8.
for now , he ’ s quarantined the bees away from his new hives and will continue to monitor the bees ’ health as he sprints to recover the lost income he had planned on from almond season in california . “they take it and paint over it. ” then , a couple weeks ago , the fresno county ag task force caught a break . so , naturally , much of the ukrainian-russian community is angry with those who make them look bad in the overall farming and ranching community . buy photo beekeeper lloyd cunniff said his hive boxes are typically filled " wall-to-wall .
he said he retained cohen after trump ’ s personal lawyer told broidy he had been contacted by the woman ’ s attorney . ” cohen and broidy met during the 2016 campaign , when broidy , a california native and major gop donor , served as vice chairman of a joint fundraising effort between trump and the rnc . ( alex j. davidson. mr. broidy apologized to his wife for the affair in a statement provided to the associated press friday . trump , the people familiar with the matter said . “i haven ’ t had a chance to do my due diligence , ” mcdaniel said , adding that she hoped to talk with cohen in the near future .
ashley judd is a liar and a coward who is terrified of aging ! i do not want to give my power , my self-esteem , or my autonomy , to any person , place , or thing outside myself . the conversation about women happens everywhere , publicly and privately . um , no , says ashley judd . but also i what is the self-righteous alleged “all knowing ” stance of the media about ? and everyone went fucking apeshit . over time , i matured into the understanding that good and bad are equally fanciful interpretations .
elizabeth roscio , the library and archives manager of the bostonian society , said that in his letters , rogers details the newspapers , photographs and autographs story_separator_special_tag historians opened the 113-year-old time capsule inside the old state house ’ s golden lion statue thursday , and were surprised by what they found : a mystery red book resting on top of the box ’ s contents . but all seems in " remarkably good condition . items won ' t be removed . file - in this sept. 9 , 2014 hopes to delicately remove ... d. rogers
the supervisor said to that particular officer , ' you ' re down there right ? the man told cbs 6 reporter sandra jones he was ordered to police headquarters tuesday afternoon where he was met by a several high-ranking police officials . the officer blew the whistle on a 20-year department veteran and other members of the richmond force after they made inappropriate comments while providing protection to the president and first lady . “nobody wants to see her anyway — unless she gets undressed or get [ sic ] naked , ” an officer allegedly said .
schatz said he is " humbled " and " honored " by the appointment . schatz will become the state ' s senior senator . he also was a leader of president barack obama ' s campaign in hawaii in 2008. inouye conveyed his final wish to gov . , and to the white house on the pressing issues now before congress . ... 3. sen. lt. democratic rep. abercrombie . colleen hanabusa and esther kiaaina , a deputy director in the state department of land and natural resources . 17 at 88 of respiratory complications .
obama said tuesday that law enforcement did an " exemplary job responding to the bombings , and americans seem to agree : 84 percent said they approve of the way federal and local law enforcement handled the attack . “i know some people are paranoid about the government intruding on their privacy , ” judith richards , a retired teacher from new paltz , n.y. more attacks ? most americans are following news about the boston bombings , including 45 percent who are following it very closely . before the april 15 attack , nearly 12 years had passed without a major terrorist attack on u.s. soil .
now , more than 500 years later , the sunken ruins of one of those ships have yielded a surprising discovery : the world ' s " earliest known " marine astrolabe , according to researchers at the university of warwick . it is believed to date from between 1495 and 1500. they tell about dragons attacking westeros . mearns and his colleagues needed some help to find them . " it was like nothing else we had seen and i immediately knew it was something very important because you could see it had these two emblems on it , " he told the bbc .
. that ’ s the way to honor trayvon martin. we are going backwards . they insisted that something must change in a court system and body of law that would allow an armed and self-appointed neighborhood watchman to pursue a black story_separator_special_tag 4 years ago washington ( cnn ) - president barack obama called on sunday for " calm reflection " following the acquittal of george zimmerman in the shooting death of trayvon martin . “and as we do , we should ask ourselves if we ’ re doing all we can to widen the circle of compassion and understanding in our own communities .
in his speech , the minnesota-born bard says herman melville ’ s classic novel “moby-dick ” — as well as erich maria remarque ’ s “all quiet on the western front ” and homer ’ s “the odyssey ” — had a big influence on him . dylan , who has been accused over the years of lifting passages from various poets and novelists for his song lyrics , was required by the swedish academy to give a lecture in order to receive his prize and the $ 920,000 that goes with it . there were immediate complications .
" he voted against her in committee and opposed cloture . on the senate floor thursday , sen. " i wanted to see a new attorney general who would be faithful to law , but her answers made that impossible , " cruz said of lynch ' s confirmation hearing , saying in a 10-minute speech on the senate floor that she had " embraced the lawlessness " of eric holder ' s tenure . “ms . ted cruz ( r-tex. then he missed the final vote on her nomination -- the only senator to do so .
" in order for flint residents to once again have confidence and trust in the water coming from their faucets , all lead pipes in the city of flint need to be replaced , " she said . the fleet ' s newest fire truck is also showing signs of premature damage and wear . a spokesman for the governor said the office was reviewing weaver ' s proposal . ” the area affected included a large swath between clio and north center roads . for information : ( 810 ) 766-7202. officials say $ 37 million already has been approved .
jacky alcine , a web developer who is black , took to twitter to say google ' s photo app , released in may , labeled a picture of him and a friend as " gorillas . " we ' re very much on it . screenshot by cnet this isn ' t the first time algorithms have messed up in ways people have found offensive . those areas of computer science -- such as artificial intelligence or machine learning -- are some of the biggest engineering focuses in silicon valley . " [ it was ] high on my list of bugs you ' never ' want to see happen .
the shroud of turin , long considered by some to be the burial cloth of jesus , has inconsistent bloodstain patterns that suggest it is a fake , a new forensic investigation has found . ” borrini and his colleagues used real and synthetic blood samples to conduct seven different tests on different body parts depicted on the fabric . more than 2 million people came to see the shroud during a three-month display in 2015 , including pope francis . however , radiocarbon techniques have dated the shroud to between 1260 and 1390 ce . held in the cathedral of st.
that ' s the story , " ms kindt said . " jo and i got to be legally married for 48 days . " it was great , it was really good . she and ms kindt had held a commitment ceremony in 2013. ms d ' ath said staff from queensland births , deaths and marriages drove about 100km ( 60 miles ) to deliver paperwork to the marriage celebrant . lauren price and amy we considered ourselves married , but in a legal sense we weren ' t . ms grant died from cancer on 30 january , less than seven weeks after marrying ms kindt .
" it ' s definitely a wonderful find , " she said . the vaults were probably built in the late 18th century or early 19th century and belonged to one of two area presbyterian churches , loorya said . the tombs ' brick roofs were discovered tuesday by workers just 3 ½ feet under the street with utility cables running on top of them . natalie pasquarella reports . ( published thursday , nov. weird news photos : man shoves snake in pants copyright associated press / nbc new york a contractor excavated the site , and archaeologists and anthropologists will be working there to gather more information , officials said wednesday .
for that , the taliban tried to kill her . ' this is what the taliban thinks is a ' western value . bajwa said that all available resources story_separator_special_tag we will defy the taliban and go back to school , says friend shot with brave malala shazia ramzan was hit in the shoulder and hand on the school bus malala had told her she thought she would be targeted by the taliban speaking out : shazia razman , 14 , was shot twice at the same time as her best friend malala yousafzai ( inset ) who is now in hospital the best friend of the 14-year-old pakistani girl shot in the head by the taliban yesterday vowed to defy the extremists again and return to school with her .
it ' s a flat-out lie , " he said in a wide-ranging interview with cnn ' s larry king on thursday night . to clear the air and at least say that the charges that are being made are not in the perimeters of our investigation . david paterson ? " during the sit-down , paterson also knocked the times for its handling of the frenzy . ... maybe those in the media could check their sources more . " which he did : someone did the reading in english class ! " none of this is true .
" " the army did not let me down , " he said . william swenson received the medal of honor at an emotional white house ceremony tuesday for his heroic actions during the 2009 battle of ganjgal in eastern afghanistan . swenson also has a purple heart and bronze star medal and lives in seattle . officials were unsure if that had ever happened before . the fight ended with five u.s. deaths , 10 afghan army deaths and over two-dozen coalition wounded . story_separator_special_tag advertisement after nearly being overlooked , and according to some accounts intentionally forgotten , army capt .
" china and north korea have been long-time allies . mr kim ' s rapid visit to the injured people - and the reporting of it - is likely to be seen in part as a way of protecting his image among the chinese population . china and north korea share a lengthy border and a traditional friendship . china remains pyongyang ' s largest trading partner , although commerce has dropped off by about 90 percent under united nations sanctions . china ' s official xinhua news agency said late monday that the tourist bus fell from a bridge in north hwanghae province in southern north korea .
each made withdrawals of 100,000 yen at a time – the maximum allowed by the cash machines – and there was a total of 14,000 withdrawals . japan is the latest victim of a string of atm heists using credit cards forged using leaked data . reports suggest that members of the gang may no longer be in japan . it stressed , however , that its customers had not suffered any losses , and that it has “taken swift action to contain the matter. police are currently examining cctv footage to identify the suspects , and have asked south african authorities to investigate how the credit card information was obtained .
the two families had clashed when ferdinand piech was his family ' s representative on volkswagen ' s supervisory board , a post he resigned from last year , clearing the way for his brother , hans michel . it expressed doubt that the company would continue to pursue other inquiries into its past , in particular over allegations of collaboration with the military leaders of brazil in the 1970s . photographer : patrick t. ” mr. he will be replaced as head of historical communication by archivist ulrike gutzman . manfred grieger agreed to the split , a vw spokesman said saturday .
caption after 16 years on ‘the daily show , ’ jon stewart has departed . i don ' t have any specific plans . [ here ’ story_separator_special_tag on media blog archives select date … december , 2015 november , 2015 october , 2015 september , 2015 august , 2015 july , 2015 june , 2015 may , 2015 april , 2015 march , 2015 february , 2015 january , 2015 jon stewart leaving jon stewart , host of comedy central ' s " the daily show , " will step down later this year , the president of the network confirmed in a statement to the on media blog tuesday .
i don ’ t remember exactly what he said in response , but whatever it was , i found it irritating enough that i reminded him that i was paying to eat there and told him again to stop berating his staff at that volume . one of the most challenging things about being a waitress is how many people treat you as if you are invisible . 1. eye contact . another fifteen . mr. apparently , this disturbed lieber ’ s dining experience . it ’ s a good restaurant , with a great cocktail and a clever bread operation .
the french embassy and several friends of devillers have given no comment in the past two days and cambodian authorities have not said where devillers was being held . the report allegedly states that mrs gu had killed mr heywood after feeling “driven into a corner ” by the investigation . his position makes him one of the senior officials overseeing bo ' s case . the status of the frenchman is shrouded in mystery . cambodia has kept an unusually tight lid on all information about his detention in a case that has highlighted the tight diplomatic relationship with china .
the electors shall meet in their respective states , and vote by ballot for two persons , of whom one at least shall not be an inhabitant of the same state with themselves . 1 doesn ' t mean it was frozen . he has pled guilty to " there are still deliberations taking place , and we have until mid january to decide what we are going to do , ” the official said . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . " the latter comment refers to trump ' s tweets dismissing special counsel robert mueller ' s probe into the trump campaign ' s alleged collusion with russia during the 2016 election .
i know i ’ m coming dangerously close to generalizing about all men in the exact same way i story_separator_special_tag high schooler and creator of online magazine rookie , tavi gevinson is busy fashioning a diy media empire that speaks to teens . “wow ! you ’ ve probably also heard her portrayed as some kind of alpha-daria . ” they ’ ll say . ✴ although she had no music out at this time last year , by now lorde requires no introduction . and that image fucking sucked . winnie is friendly and beautiful , yet smart and kinda elusive .
original story &#124; keith olbermann , the former top-rated host on the news channel msnbc , will announce his next television home on tuesday , and people on monday familiar with his plans pointed to a deal with the public affairs channel current tv . ” mr. gore said in a statement . olbermann would have an equity stake in current tv . and nothing is more vital to my concept of a free media than news that is produced independently of corporate interference . the one-hour program will begin sometime in the spring . again , not to criticize what ' s being done elsewhere , but here is a unique opportunity for me to be involved in an organization that is both prosperous and influential and yet has , as its primary focus , as much as any you know – we ' re all in business here , but has as much of a focus towards editorial content and spreading , to use my favorite english teacher ' s phrase , " beauty and light " as any other priority in its – in its structure.i '
she told police and the dogs ' owners that she left her vehicle to use the washroom at a langley dog park , and when she returned the dogs were gone . , has been charged with six animal cruelty-related counts in connection with their deaths . " i don ' t think that ' ll ever go away . is there more to this story ? the crown also invoked a newer preventative section of the prevention of cruelty to animals act – enacted in 2012 – which makes it an offence to fail to provide adequate care to an animal .
this time , though , i have to admit a clear and unfettered victory for the proximity key . story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser ... advertisement stevenson bolted into the woods , but was caught within the hour . things didn ’ t work out so well for 18-year old ezekiel stevenson , the wannabe carjacker , because the driver of the car had a tiny advantage : the key fob . looks like i owe proximity keys a bit of an apology . i have a sort of love/hate relationship with proximity keys .
” ) . here , though , she ’ s anxiously watching over herself as she lies in a coma , trying to decide whether life is still worth living after nearly losing it and everything else in a horrifying car crash . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . photo/video : warner bros. the dairy industry doesn ' t have a monopoly on milking machines . . . henry ’ s lyrical irony . “if i stay , ” which was adapted by r.j. cutler ( “a perfect candidate , ” “the september issue ” ) from gayle forman ’ s novel , hews largely to the same formula as “the fault in our stars ” : an attractive young couple grapples with first love and looming mortality against a scenic backdrop , the mechanics of sexual awakenings safely couched in soft-focus ellipses ( “adam , i ’ ve never .
“i have spent the whole year with regrets story_separator_special_tag seoul — north korea ’ s leader kim jong un said on sunday that his country is finalizing preparations for a test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile , which would mark an advance in its attempt to build a nuclear weapon capable of reaching the u.s. mr. 02 : 29 but there ' replay more videos ... the sanctions were tightened last month after pyongyang conducted its fifth and largest nuclear test on september 9. just watched what could trump do about north korea ? the speech was full of the north ' s usual self-congratulatory , lofty proclamations and anti-western rhetoric .
she gets all of her holiday shopping done in a few hours the day after thanksgiving , and she comes out of it with a smile on her face , so more power to her . " the adrenaline keeps you moving . ( denver for news ) organization is also key . and how do you feel about psychological warfare ? pack snacks " everything used to open at 6 a.m. bring backup . prioritize . " as i go in to each store , i have that specific flyer , my list of who i ' m buying for and my wallet .
the swap sparked a controversy that touches on a range of volatile issues -- ending the afghanistan war , releasing guantanamo detainees , accusations by members of bergdahl ' s unit that he deserted -- and it comes in an election year that has further widened the partisan divide in washington . " leadership was lacking , if not non-existent . " i am given food and drink . slow recovery bergdahl is " continuing to improve every day , " pentagon spokesman col. officials had previously said the intention was for bergdahl to be reunited with his family at brooke army medical center in san antonio .
clinton . tuesday ’ s results also made a november showdown between clinton and republican front-runner donald trump donald john trumpstone : ' i ’ ve never had any discussion ' with trump about a pardon white house : trump will move forward on wall ' with or without ' dems pelosi after stone indictment : ' what does putin have on the president ' ? bernie sanders , struggled to get the boost he needed to try to close the gap in the race for the democratic presidential nomination . clinton was bullish and beaming at her victory party in west palm beach , fla.
— since the deadly attack on a military recruiting center in chattanooga , tennessee , armed citizens have taken it upon themselves to guard military recruitment centers across the country . in a memo published tuesday that was obtained by marine corps times , lt. we ask that these concerned citizens show their support in other ways that are less impactful on our mission attainment . a navy officer and a marine reportedly fired at the gunman , although it is unclear why they were armed . shane wilson said . gen. maj. please enable javascript to watch this video story_separator_special_tag note : this article has been corrected .
) that means , the company said , that “98 percent of the watts claimants never even filed a claim ” with the program , and “96 percent of the claims that he did file have been denied. ” mr. ( seventeen are pending. under these circumstances , bp is not going to stand idly by and allow payments to proceed without first addressing the fraudulent conduct. ” bp , which has paid nearly $ 13 billion in claims to businesses , individuals and the government so far , has paid out $ 1 billion from the seafood fund so far .
royal australian air force flight lt. planned search area for march 31 10,000 ft. kuala lumpur , malaysia — the hunt for malaysia airlines flight 370 resumed in earnest on saturday as surveillance planes returned to the skies above a newly defined search area in the southern indian ocean and spotted floating debris for the second day in a row , and a flotilla of vessels began arriving in the zone to find and identify the objects , the australian authorities said . 547 m.p.h . search areas march 28-30 australia about 1,100 mi . flight 370 disappeared three weeks ago .
) al gore ' s surprising split from wife tipper was prompted by an affair he was having with larry david ' s environmental activist wife , star magazine claims . " pick up the new issue of star tomorrow for our complete story of how the pair , who have been fighting for the environment for years and worked together on al ' s 2006 oscar-winning documentary an inconvenient truth , fell hard for one another — and if tipper had any clue . gore friends called the report utter nonsense . " it couldn ’ t be avoided .
but the district has denied her appeal and the assistant superintendent is defending the school ’ s actions . " abry said . denny sanford school of social and family dynamics , said the incident raises serious questions . " a label could be detrimental to a child who still is developing a sense of self , because the child could internalize it , duggan said . school districts are required to report certain behavior infractions , as defined by state story_separator_special_tag surprise , ariz. she said her son was asked to sign the referral form , which was to stay in his student record while he is a student in the dysart unified school district .
that harassment by incognito and fellow offensive linemen john jerry and mike pouncey contributed to martin ' s departure from the team in october , but those teammates " did not intend to drive martin from the team or cause him lasting emotional injury , " and coach joe philbin and the front office were unaware it was happening , the report said . it is disappointing that mr. player a frequently was subjected to homophobic name-calling and improper physical touching . as an organization , we are committed to a culture of team-first accountability and respect for one another .
" barbara walters ' interview with mary kay letourneau and vili fualaau airs friday , april 10 , on abc ' s 20/20 . having started their illicit affair when fualaau was just 13 and letourneau was 34 , the spouses of 10 years have had to overcome almost impossible odds to be together . download the us weekly iphone app now ! " i don ' t feel like i had the right support or the right help behind me … from my family — from anyone in general . “we ’ ve always planned that and it hasn ’ t changed , ” she told walters .
republicans think cindy hyde-smith will ultimately pull out a win in mississippi ' s special senate election on tuesday . he started off by blaming previous administrations for trade policies that he said " shipped away your jobs " and forced america into " economic surrender . but they say the race has tightened — and after what happened in alabama last year , they ' re on edge . thought you were done with election season ? story continued below henry barbour , the republican national committee story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) republican sen. not so fast . 6 elections .
i believe in our people . and if you elect me on tuesday , that ’ s the kind of president i ’ ll be . trump , using terminology he has favored in recent weeks on the campaign trail , calls for " draining the swamp of corruption in washington " and fixing a " rigged system in which political insiders can break the law without consequence . now we have to decide who we are . so within my first 30 days , i will introduce a constitutional amendment to overturn citizens united . we can keep america safe through strength and smarts — or turn our backs on our allies , and cozy up to our adversaries .
" the mother was trying to get one of her children out of the car when she passed away ... " i ' m not holding up , " matt kabealo said . chloe escaped and ran to a farmhouse to raise the alarm . “we ’ ve been having heaps of people saying we ’ re there for you and all that , ” she said . picture : supplied local tumbulgum pastor rob stuttle who conducted the service , earlier said the close-knit community were rallying together as the clean-up of the devastated area continued . courtesy : 9 news an eight-year-old girl who was the sole survivor of a horror crash that killed her mother and two siblings in northern new south wales has spoken of how she escaped the sinking car .
palin family brawl bristol : he called me a c**t and a slut ! ” the police officer responds , “do you want to talk to me ? ” “korey with the red shirt ! “[ bristol ] got punched … ” “some guy punched me ! ” willow accused klingenmeyer . she just hit me. during the convo ... no one ’ s gonna touch my sister . so we were in the limo . i walked back up . “and apparently at the time the palins decided to leave , ” all hell broke loose .
i found out that this " bvo " is a controversial flame retardant chemical that is in some gatorade drinks ! it doesn ’ t make sense . so i started a change.org petition asking gatorade to stop using it . i ’ m naturally a curious and argumentative person doing things like debate team in school . what are these companies thinking ? powerade ' s website still lists brominated vegetable oil as an ingredient for its fruit punch and strawberry lemonade flavors . in response to customer feedback , pepsico said last year it would drop the ingredient from gatorade .
a lion was shot dead in kenya on wednesday ... the circumstances of the stray lions also fueled questions about whether to dart a potentially dangerous predator with a tranquilizer and return it to a fenced area , or kill it before it can attack people . " this action was taken as a last resort after an escalation of the situation and a concern for public safety , " the kenya wildlife service said . all but mohawk have been recaptured alive . just watched lost lion population lion selfies the nairobi national park has had several lion escapes in recent weeks .
he said they were selling their fat for thousands of dollars a litre . last month , top organised crime investigator felix murga said police had arrested four suspects who confessed to murdering up to 60 people . " this has been a ruse of bad taste , " said jorge espinoza , president of the region of huanuco . when they announced their big find , police held a news conference and displayed what they said was human fat stored in an empty bottle of inca kola , the electric-yellow soft drink popular in the andes . politicians blamed the police for scaring away tourists .
“i am becoming a vegetable , ” she wrote . === bennett was painfully aware of the encroaching dementia . in her blog post , bennett said she didn ' t want to leave behind a " living carcass " that would be a financial burden on the canadian healthcare system , and a chore for her loved ones . “gillian and i both disliked and disapproved of the laws making it impossible to help “i agreed with her choice. not even slightly . i have nearly lost me . his voice is reflective , resonant , measured .
the man called police , and officers who arrived confirmed the truck driver was zimmerman , the police spokeswoman said . he spent two days in the seminole county jail in november after his then-girlfriend accused him of threatening her with a shotgun , pushing her out the door of their home and locking it . zimmerman " said he was going to shoot me dead , " apperson told the dispatcher . — zimmerman has also been pulled over three times for traffic violations since his acquittal . orlando , fla. she later recanted , and prosecutors dropped the case .
the actions in donetsk and two other main cities in eastern ukraine , which included demands for a referendum on seceding from ukraine and joining russia , seemed an effort by the activists to mimic some of the events that preceded russia ’ s invasion and annexation of crimea . it will be held no later than may 11. ukrainian prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk earlier story_separator_special_tag gallery 12 photo gallery © epa/roman pilipey situation in donetsk kiev , april 7 . /itar-tass/ . the people who have gathered are not many but they are very aggressive , " avakov said in a statement on his facebook page .
“it is the first transfusion-associated virus that ’ s been described in a long time . the team made the discovery thanks to new , sophisticated techniques for sequencing fragments of rna and dna . both patients appear to have " cleared " the virus and there is no evidence it caused any disease . as part of a search for novel human viruses , the group scoured blood samples from a cohort of 46 people that were collected before and after they received a blood transfusion between 1974 and 1980. yet houghton stresses that many unknowns remain .
if you don ’ t have a google alerts set for “‘osama bin laden ’ and ‘porn , ' ” then you might not be aware that director of national intelligence james clapper confirmed last month that a collection of pornography had been recovered in the raid on bin laden ’ s hideout that resulted in the terrorist leader ’ s death . or was he into cake farts ? unfortunately we may never know . ] no , seriously . oh , well . does being under the constant threat of capture require extra stimulation ?
that said , since such company ups and downs happen all the time , others argued that mayer was just the kind of disruptive agent of change that yahoo story_separator_special_tag getty images marissa mayer in 2011 yahoo inc. while it is hard to make a direct comparison , ms. i would say so ! both ceos departed prematurely . photo : bloomberg . mr. the mega-sum includes salary , equity grants , stock options , a make-whole payment for the google shares she left behind and , perhaps most remarkably , a $ 30 million one-time retention award .
caution : evgeniy mikhailovich bogachev , using the online monikers “lucky12345 ” and “slavik ” , is wanted for his alleged involvement in a wide-ranging racketeering enterprise and scheme that installed , without authorization , malicious software known as “zeus ” on victims ’ computers . a few days later , the man had them return to the bank and withdraw all of the money in the account ; they kept a small cut and passed the rest on to him . most cash-outs ran around $ 9,000 , just enough to stay under federal reporting limits .
“it ’ s great , man . ” snowboarders “especially in this event , with such a big crowd and the amount of media here . “for me to be remembered in the sport , i don ’ t think tonight makes or breaks my career , ” white said . teter likened it to a mogul field . ” more than anything , the night felt like the edge of a new era . ” continue reading the main story slide show it was iouri podladtchikov of switzerland — i-pod to his friends — who won the gold medal by doing a trick and a run that white and the others could not match .
mh370 - facts at a glance 8 march : malaysia airlines kuala lumpur-beijing flight carrying 239 people disappears malaysia airlines kuala lumpur-beijing flight carrying 239 people disappears plane ' s transponder , which communicates with ground radar , was switched off as it left malaysian airspace satellite ' pings ' indicate plane was still flying seven hours after satellite contact was lost 24 march : based on new calculations , malaysian pm says " beyond reasonable doubt " that plane crashed in southern indian ocean with no survivors what we know the search for flight mh370 it was based on work regarding " how the aircraft might have performed and how it might have been flown " , to choose the " area of highest probability as to where it might have entered the water story_separator_special_tag 1 of 7.
" according to the findings of a recent study by consumer reports , it turns out that she might have been right.the consumer watchdog that ' s better known for road testing cars and troubleshooting cell phones has turned its attention to the grocery store . nationwide , store brands accounted for almost one of four products sold in supermarkets and a record $ 55.5 billion in sales last year . ' s had oily broth , with fatty pieces of chicken . the article can be found on www.consumerreportsenespanol.org . , sept. though they ' ll purchase store-brand paper goods and plastics , at least half of respondents rarely or never buy store-brand wine , pet food , soda , or soup .
" barahona allegedly told police he took a five-gallon gas can he had inside the truck and poured gasoline over his head . on wednesday , state department of children &amp; families administrators confirmed the worst about victor and nubia doctor , 10-year-old twins adopted by jorge and carmen barahona . the boy " appeared to be in respiratory distress and ( was ) trembling " and his clothing " was soaked with an unknown chemical , " the affidavit said . the ranger then found barahona on the ground beside the truck and called for help .
philadelphia ( cbs ) — a $ 69,000 reward is being offered for anyone with information leading to an arrest in connection to the vandalism of hundreds of gravestones at a jewish cemetery in northeast philadelphia . somebody did something and maybe they weren ’ t thinking , or maybe they were thinking too much. ” jennifer was among those who heard about what happened . tom wolf called it “truly reprehensible. more than 30 tombstones were found knocked over by a man walking his dog . israeli foreign ministry spokesman emmanuel nahshon called the report " shocking and a source of worry , " although he added that he had " full confidence " that authorities in the u.s. would
“then he said ‘we can ’ t have a conversation because you ’ re saying i called you a terrorist , ’ ” recalled rhodes . but biden himself the whole day was about going after republicans and talking about how unreasonable they are. in an interview later with fox news , rhodes claimed that the president insisted that biden had not made the original comment . mike doyle d-pa. “he just denied it . one lawmakers , rep. ” the private conversation between rhodes and obama was partially picked up by a tv camera , but the audio was tough to make out .
the page asks for donations to help michelle ' s sister pay for her medical expenses and the time she ' s taken off of work . according to a fundraising page , the actress is currently in the icu at unc chapel hill hospital and is responsive . " michelle hurst was in a bad car accident just before the holidays , " the page reads . " photos : celeb health scares the explanation goes on to note that hurst is now out of the coma — after 16 days — and has opened her eyes . tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
" but , while cleaning his home in 2013 , he mistakenly put it into a waste bin at his local landfill site in newport , south wales , where it got buried . and there ' s no guarantee the drive would be found or still work . why isn ' t he frantically digging through refuse ? back in 2009 , howells set an old laptop to mining bitcoin – back before you needed specialised hardware – eventually totting up 7,500 coins . coindesk ' s bitcoin price index tracks prices from digital currency exchanges bitfinex , bitstamp , coinbase and itbit .
( official white house photo by lawrence jackson ) today , with a tweet from the oval office , president obama launched @potus , the official twitter account of the president of the united states . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . really ! more at http://wh.gov/privacy it ' s barack . tweets may be archived . tweets from the first lady are signed – mo . six years in , they ' re finally giving me my own account . learn more story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
' he was magic . " manigault is grateful for all of your prayers and asks for privacy at this time . " born in chicago in 1957 , duncan was raised by a single mother whose resistance to his playing football led to his deciding he wanted to become an actor . early film and television credits , when he was usually cast as a bodyguard or bouncer , included " bulworth , " ` ' a night at the roxbury " the murder of rapper notorious b.i.g. ( associated press ) michael clarke duncan was one big , irresistible jumble of contradictions .
” trotter ’ s undersea research associates team discovered the wreck in july using side-scan sonar and has since made several dozen dives to document the site and attempt to answer questions about the ship ’ s mysterious cargo , which some believe was intentionally mislabeled on the manifest . espn analyst lists msu at no . shawn windsor : lions already have fallen into old , familiar pattern well , that didn ' t take long . the ship left detroit in a hurry , without any lifeboats , he said . trotter , a retired ford motor co.
then you ’ re 30 , ” said mitch roffer , founder and president of roffer ’ s ocean fishing forecasting service . there was no sign of the teens in the boat , according to the coast guard . “even if it ’ s only a quarter of a mile-per-hour difference , well , a quarter of a mile-per-hour in 10 hours starts adding up . story_separator_special_tag just one more thing ... he said volunteer pilots flew missions from melbourne and new smyrna beach using his information . video by tim shortt . posted 7/27/15 . austin stephanos , left , 14 , and perry cohen , 14 , were reported missing on friday .
hewlett-packard ' s mark hurd didn ' t sit down for an interview with me , but he ' s begun doing phoners post-earnings and i ' m still holding out hope that 2010 will be the year for a two-camera , in-depth production . but to believe that apple can somehow succeed where all others have failed is to ignore some fundamental realities of tablet computing . why wait until you get home to post a restaurant review , asks consumer trends tracker trendwatching , when scores of iphone apps let you post feedback as soon as you finish dessert ?
trump has spent most of the weekend story_separator_special_tag close after donald trump said nfl players should be fired for kneeling during the national anthem , nfl players , owners and coaches condemned trump ' s comments . " have you no sense of decency , sir ? 24 , 2017 , in indianapolis . " however , to jehovah ' s witnesses the flag was an " image , " which , under their religious beliefs , their children were forbidden to salute . liberals and espn have portrayed it as a courageous act of defiance against racism and police brutality .
no charges are anticipated against the driver of the suv , dixon said . in the " frogger " arcade game , players move frogs through traffic on a busy road and through a hazard-filled river . before he was hit , police say the man had been discussing the game with his friends . dixon said alcohol is suspected to have been a factor in the man ’ s decision to step out in front of traffic . the man was hit at u.s. 76 and college avenue in clemson . the man was hit monday night around 9 p.m.
jared leto ' s take on the joker made his first appearance via david ayer ' s twitter . " the suicide squad wishes you a happy anniversary mr . ( also interesting : the script " damaged " on his forehead. ) in theaters aug. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . in addition to neon green hair , the actor is sporting pale skin , silver teeth , one purple glove and red lipstick . j ! learn more 1 came out in april 1940. ( photo : twitter.com/davidayermovies ) if you ' re going to play the joker , you might as well look as nutty as humanly possible .
we don ' t know precisely what he was saying , but it appears he had a grudge he was carrying out . long made two separate posts amid his shooting rampage at the borderline bar and grill in thousand oaks wednesday night , the officials said . garo kuredjian speaks to the media , thursday , nov. julia brownley look on as ventura county sheriff ' s capt . yeah ... breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . twitter did not return a request for comment . ( associated press ) standing at the microphones , from left to right , paul delacourt , assistant director for the fbi los angeles , and u.s. rep.
one of the wines served on jan. tuesday ' s was the first college basketball game a state dinner “isn ’ t a picnic or casual get-together , ” and it ’ s justifiable from diplomatic and trade standpoints for the white house to spend money to showcase fine american wines , colman said . on the women ' s side , he selected baylor , st. ap ' s earlier story is below . espn will reveal the president ' s full men ' s bracket wednesday . check back soon for further information . 13 , 2011.
esmond ' s commitment to securing a future for wild rhinos and elephants was steadfast . esmond has authored several ground-breaking investigative reports on rhino and ivory smuggling in kenya and the trade in china , vietnam , and laos . " he was always willing to lend his decades of expertise to explore approaches to tackling the illegal wildlife trade with complete objectivity . “rangers and conservationists put themselves in harm ’ s way every day to stop organised criminals destroying africa ’ s natural resources. nairobi dci boss ireri kamwende said they are yet to identify esmond ' s attackers .
romney has proposed a $ 5 trillion tax cut . that ’ s part one . obama and mr. hide caption 1 of 31 photos : photos : the first presidential debate the first presidential debate – romney stands with his wife , ann , and family following the first presidential debate . “as an option , you could say everybody ’ s going to get up to a $ 17,000 deduction . " under governor romney ' s definition , there are a whole bunch of millionaires and billionaires who are small businesses , " president obama said .
a new jersey woman was arrested , accused of failing to pay tolls on her ez pass account.port authority police said they tried to stop the suspect after they learned her ez pass account owed more than $ 16,000.00according to the port authority police department , on wednesday , denise simien , 55 , of verona , n.j. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . , was driving a 2007 toyota suv and ignored police instructions to stop.police said she eventually was pulled over by another port authority officer near the holland tunnel entrance.simien is accused of failing to pay ez pass tolls at port authority crossings more than 250 times with a total amount owed of $ 16,633.she was charged with theft of services and obstruction of justice , and is due back in jersey city court july 19 .
the rabbits he kills are often kept by elderly people who house them in their gardens , sometimes alongside chickens or geese . more than 100 animals have fallen victim to the mystery killer since he or she began their murderous spree in and around the village of minihy-tréguier , a pretty spot popular with tourists and home to a handful of british expats . story_separator_special_tag detectives are hunting a serial killer who is believed to be responsible for beating to death about a hundred pet rabbits in a small town in brittany . the killer strikes when owners leave home , raising fears that properties are being watched .
rita newcomb was arrested at her home in south webster , ohio . prosecutors allege angela wagner purchased several items in the months leading up to the deaths of the rhoden family and hannah gilley . one of those arrested was edward " jake " wagner , 26 , who was a long-time former boyfriend of 19-year-old hanna rhoden story_separator_special_tag the father of a surviving rhoden child started a gofundme account to help with legal bills he acquired to gain custody of his toddler-aged daughter . it ' s the finality of that word that stops him . pike county sheriff charles reader .
in the study , the researchers gave doses of ayahuasca to six participants with depression for whom commercial antidepressants hadn ’ t been effective . its publication marks a promising early step toward clinical use of the psychotropic substance as a treatment for depression and other mental health problems . they are now conducting larger studies that they hope will shore up their findings . depression drink ? " this is an area that really does merit further work and serious consideration , " dr. ayahuasca is made from a jungle vine and shrub leaves and contains the chemical dimethyltryptamine , which makes it illegal in most countries ( though many allow its consumption for religious purposes ) .
peanut butter was not related to mortality . in meta-analyses , summary hazard ratios for highest vs lowest nut consumption were 0.85 for cancer , and 0.71 for respiratory mortality . bad trans fats the worst type of dietary fat is the kind known as trans fat . men and women who eat at least 10 grams of nuts or peanuts per day have a lower risk of dying from several major causes of death than people who don ' t consume nuts or peanuts . seemingly slight differences in structure translate into crucial differences in form and function .
and that cantaloupe said he ' s not giving out the names of the teenagers because it ' s an ongoing investigation . " the charge is a misdemeanor . he added , " i think what we look at is , the hope that what we do from here going forward , whether it be this charge or some new legislation , that another family doesn ’ t have to go through this . police identified and interviewed the five teens , he said . " ... he was reported missing july 12 and authorities recovered his body july 14 after a passerby reported a body floating in the pond .
rivera is accused of killing university of iowa student mollie tibbetts . " you can always attribute that friendship you just made to my sister , and that would mean the world to her , " he said . rivera worked at yarrabee farms in rural poweshiek county for four years , lang said . even after tibbetts disappeared on july 18 while out ( photo : jim slosiarek/the gazette/pool ) when the lang family watched the news about mollie tibbetts unfold on tuesday , a familiar face flashed on the screen . they were shocked . 22 , 2018 , in montezuma , iowa .
a shootout with the court ' s guards ensued , and three of the defendants were killed . one of the group had fought for islamic state in syria before coming to russia , official tv channel rossiya 24 said on tuesday , citing a source in law-enforcement bodies . no other details were immediately available . two guards were injured . 1 , 2017. prosecutors said the gang members were placing spikes on roads , forcing the motorists out of their vehicles and shooting them dead . the agencies on tuesday quoted a lawyer who was at the courthouse and saw a guard and a court official injured .
starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
story_separator_special_tag tokyo &#124; tokyo ( reuters ) - a strong earthquake hit japan ' s southern island of okinawa early on saturday and japan ' s weather agency issued a tsunami warning for up to 2 meters , but this was later lifted and there were no reports of major damage . send photos , video ireporter kristina donaldson , who lives in central okinawa , said the quake " seemed to last longer than other ones we have experienced here . col. " okinawa resident eric shepherd said his grandmother-in-law described it as the strongest quake she had felt in her 90 years on the island .
out military creator and web designer john mckinnon said he built the site to support others who may be looking for friends or for a network of gay and lesbian service members and supporters . ( editing by bob tourtellotte ) " i joined , more than anything , so that i could maybe help someone else , " explained royal . the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public .
lopes was arrested in weymouth oct. on the sixth anniversary of chesna becoming a police officer , he was posthumously promoted to sergeant . that ’ s when lopes hit chesna in the head with a rock . hundreds attended a vigil for chesna and adams at weymouth high school monday night . lopes , 20 , has been free on $ 500 bail since november . lopes was charged with property damage and released on pretrial probation . the 6-foot , 3-inch emanuel a. at the time of yesterday ' s events he was the subject of an active restraining order taken out by a woman last year with the same name as his own mother .
and that ’ s all . the reporter then interviewed the microbiologist , john golobic , who identified a few of the bacteria present as “enterics ” , that is they are bacteria that normally live in the intestines . so , if the stories aren ’ t right , are there any actual proper studies into microbes in beards ? “those are the types of things you ’ d find in faeces , ” he said . story_separator_special_tag beards are big -- literally and figuratively . another study in the journal of hospital infection examined how facial hair affects the prevalence of potential pathogens such as staphylococcus aureus ( golden staph ) .
tssaa officials met with administrators from both schools , and childress noted both apologized for their teams and acknowledged the game was " not in the spirit of fair play . " it ' s a total embarrassment , " nolan said . lawrence county ( 21-8 ) also advanced . we hated that they were penalized . " the referee wrote that he finally called the coaches together for a meeting after " a smyrna player was about to attempt a shot at the wrong basket ( but there was a 10-second violation call before they attempted the shot ) on purpose .
) , ranking republican on the house intelligence committee , accused graham and obama in a new york post op-ed of a " deal with the devil " and said graham " hasn ' t thought this through . bush ' s . on the other side is the aclu , which , in demanding civilian trials for 9/11 conspirators , ran an ad morphing obama ' s face into george w. -- associated press pete hoekstra ( mich. holder jr. lindsey o. sen. finally , on thursday , rep. " wednesday , it was glenn beck ' s turn to pick on the senator .
the journal dreaming published a study that found those who slept on their stomachs with their arms raised above their heads were more likely to have x-rated nighttime episodes . according to data collected by the kinsey institute , 37 percent of women aged 45 have experienced an orgasm caused by a sex dream ; five percent reached orgasm for the first time after having a dream . " the unconscious brains of the dreamers try to make sense , and even make use of , the external stimuli . worth it ? but you can increase your chances .
ad a report from russian news agency interfax said on tuesday sergey savitsky was accused of stabbing an unnamed man in the chest with a knife at the russian antarctic station bellingshausen , located on king george island . it is not known when savitsky is due to attend court . the 1961 antarctic treaty states that the continent belongs to no one nation . source google maps . petersburg as saying . investigating crimes committed in antarctica poses unusual challenges . several other stations are nearby , including chile ’ s escudero center , uruguay ’ s artigas base and china ’ s great wall outpost .
see recap of live blog : u.s. stocks unravel on renewed china worries in 2016 the s&p 500 spx , +1.32 % fell 31.28 points , or 1.5 % , to 2,012.66 , led by a decline in financials , health-care and consumer discretionary stocks , while all 10 main sectors closed lower . what is surprising is that it is happening on the first day of the year , ” said ryan larson , head of equity trading at rbc global asset management . movers : pharmaceutical company baxalta inc. the ... tsla , -12.97 % dropped 6.9 % after the electric car maker released delivery numbers for the fourth quarter on sunday .
his associate who was operating the camera said that he believed jones was being “cased ” by members of the nypd and bloomberg . he said one plain cloths police officer in particular confronted him in a threatening manner . ( video : 6 explosive interviews ) " that kind of vitriol , hatred , and zealotry is really quite scary . tips@mediaite.com “they ’ re thugs . " ( also on politico : alex jones , creator of ' deport piers morgan ' petition , blows up on cnn ) in what morgan described as a " big , long rant , " jones -- the man who started the white house petition to deport morgan -- shouted questions about gun control legislation , gave premonitions of a 1776-like rebellion , and pronounced conspiracy theories -- including his belief that 9/11 was an inside job -- while morgan tried calmly and in vain to conduct a civil interview .
“she wanted to publish it next year , but it will be timed to come out after the jubilee , ” said one book industry insider . she ' s a perma-tanned beauty and pseudo-royal who ' s in the spotlight because of her relatives , not because of her expertise . pippa seems better than that . photo via splash news ms middleton has toured around different publishing houses pitching the book over the last few months . and etiquette , hmm . a spokesman for michael joseph was unavailable for comment . do you think pippa should write a party planning book ?
history of union pacific ' s historic steam train steam engine 844 is perhaps the country ' s most famous steam locomotive . it was originally built for passenger service , operating between omaha and los angeles , and omaha and portland . the 15-car union pacific train was returning to denver on saturday evening from a daylong trip to cheyenne frontier days in wyoming when the woman was hit at a crossing in henderson at about 7 : 45 p.m. the victim was among several people taking photos of the train as it traveled back to denver . her name has not been released .
trump said . clinton on june 7 was part of a long-planned speech and was not related to his son ’ s decision to meet with the russian lawyer . “i think many people would have held that meeting , ” trump said . putin of russia , took positions that summer that caused head scratching . trump , who had expressed admiration of president vladimir v. he said putin and chinese president xi jinping both look out for their countries ’ interests , as he looks out for ’ i then asked him a second time in a totally different way .
chris brown will return to jail for a month after being arrested on friday for violating his probation . our sources say he later took the test and the results were negative , but the initial refusal was a violation of rules.and the third violation ... ) he also reportedly acted out during a rehab group session by making harsh comments . he ' s due back in court on april 17 , when a judge will determine whether he committed criminal assault in that incident . brown was slated to finish his probation in august , but with a reported 750 hours of community labor left to complete and possible additional penalties for not completing rehab it ' s likely his probation could be extended once again .
the " coverage " field refers to the dates of material found on the web site , so " 2000- " means that there is content on the web site that dates from 2000 to the present . hope you ' ll join me . but his age and propensity for physical books doesn ' t set stine back in the social media world . r.l . cliffhanger . ( scholastic publishes the goosebumps series. these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . two halloweens ago stine used 13 tweets to tell the short story of a farmer being haunted by a ghost named yost .
at the hospital , doctors found a small octopus has been lodged in the boy ’ s throat . police say he was not able to explain why the boy had ended up that way . the boy ’ s 21-year-old mother told investigators she returned home from work tuesday night to find her 36-year-old boyfriend performing cpr on her son , police have said . never miss a local story . the octopus appeared to be for sushi according to police . ems responded and transferred the boy in critical condition . the boy wasn ’ t breathing .
39 shares in recent years , many americans ’ personal information has become compromised by big data breaches . what is a breach ? main findings states with the most identity theft &amp; fraud overall rank* state total score ‘identity theft ’ rank ‘fraud ’ rank ‘policy ’ rank 1 nevada 72.66 2 5 27 2 florida 69.11 12 2 27 3 new jersey 68.52 1 25 5 4 delaware 68.34 21 1 50 5 california 64.12 6 17 16 6 district of columbia 63.89 20 3 5 7 new york 62.17 9 15 27 8 west virginia 62.10 8 29 5 9 michigan 61.71 10 13 41 10 north dakota 61.64 4 37 5 11 ohio 61.44 3 41 41 12 maryland 59.60 7 19 51 13 illinois 59.39 5 40 18 14 new mexico 59.38 13 21 27 15 colorado 59.20 14 14 41 16 south carolina 57.83 22 9 41 17 texas 57.72 18 12 27 18 oregon 57.06 33 4 18 19 tennessee 56.85 26 8 27 20 georgia 56.36 23 10 27 21 arizona 56.35 17 16 41 22 north carolina 56.16 31 6 27 23 pennsylvania 55.63 24 23 1 24 minnesota 55.62 19 28 5 25 virginia 55.28 25 11 18 26 oklahoma 55.09 15 44 5 27 nebraska 54.87 11 51 18 28 new hampshire 53.70 30 20 1 29 massachusetts 53.34 16 48 5 30 missouri 51.04 32 27 1 31 alabama 50.22 46 7 5 32 rhode island 49.86 28 47 4 33 washington 49.32 27 38 18 34 mississippi 48.91 34 18 18 35 connecticut 48.16 29 36 27 36 louisiana 46.48 39 22 18 37 utah 45.49 36 30 27 38 idaho 45.48 37 43 5 39 alaska 44.38 38 39 18 40 arkansas 43.35 35 45 41 41 kansas 42.95 40 story_separator_special_tag 2018 data breaches : click here 2017 data breaches : click here information management is critically important to all of us - as employees and consumers .
she says she ' s only allowed to see her daughter two hours a day and isn ' t allowed to breast-feed her . hospital officials in the southern city of talcahuano say they were just following protocol when they alerted a local court that tests found traces of substances that could put the baby at risk . story_separator_special_tag image copyright ap image caption currently , chileans are allowed to consume marijuana in private , but it is illegal to sell or grow the drug . in july chile ' s congress approved by a wide margin a bill that seeks to decriminalise personal use and cultivation of marijuana .
for the study , dr. this is popularly referred to as " weight cycling " or " the yo-yo effect . weight cycling in the normal-weight women was also associated with a 66 percent increased risk for coronary heart disease deaths . in the united states and worldwide , heart disease is the leading cause of death . weight cycling may be dangerous for your heart , new study suggests . finally , the study included only older women . the study has several limitations . researchers classified self-reported weight history from 158,063 post-menopausal women into four categories : stable weight , steady gain , maintained weight loss , and weight cycling .
we have two debates in december i have agreed to participate in . tuesday afternoon , romney told fox news ’ neil cavuto that , without a doubt , he will not be a part of that debate . former massachusetts governor mitt romney is the latest gop presidential hopeful to announce he will not be participating in the december 27th debate schedule to be moderated by donald trump . “he understood my perspective and wished me well , ” romney added . no , i ’ m not participating . newt gingrich and rick santorum have confirmed their attendance .
accounts associated with the group claimed that it was responsible for the removal of more than 5,500 accounts . anonymous operates almost exclusively online and does most of its " activist " work through hacking and distributed denial-of-service ( ddos ) attacks , story_separator_special_tag anonymous has begun leaking the personal information of suspected extremists , after it " declared war " on isis in the wake of the deadly attacks in paris . the post says : “do not talk to to people u don ’ t know previously it had largely focused on social media accounts . jihadi monitoring network site intelligence also confirmed the post .
the former president ' s annual earnings from speeches have varied from year to year depending on his schedule and availability . clinton received $ 500,000 for each event , which tie for the second-largest payments he has received for a single event . in 2009 , clinton delivered 36 paid speeches that brought in $ 7.5 million . within the u.s. his domestic speeches were in 8 states and in washington . “i never had any money until i got out of the white house , you know , but i ’ ve done reasonably well since then , ” hillary clinton said last year .
in it was written : " when i received a letter from a different simes this christmas , i instructed my office to research your grandfather ' s whereabouts . she even wrote him to congratulate him on his 100th birthday . nicholas himself ! so naturally , since 1952 , ... sadly , grandpa passed away in the summer of 2011 at the age of 102. as a loyal grandson , admirer and student of his , i took it upon myself to continue writing our queen every year to show our appreciation . see also : college kid recruits fake family for christmas card prank ever since grandpa could remember , he made sure to send a christmas card to his king/queen .
the boy was treated on scene and wasn ’ t taken to the hospital , according to volusia county beach safety ocean rescue . in 2014 florida led the nation with shark attacks with a total of 28 , burgess said . play facebook twitter embed are shark attacks on the rise ? a 12-year-old girl from asheboro lost part of her arm and suffered a leg injury , and ... the beach remained open in spite of the incident . ( associated press ) a woman stands in the surf on the beach in oak island , n.c.
derek is in the middle of his season with the ny yankees while minka is currently on location in miami where she is shooting the charlie ' s angels reboot . “but they remain friends . derek jeter and minka kelly have called it quits after three years together , justjared.com can confirm . they still really care for each other. charlie ’ s angels , which co-stars rachael taylor and annie ilonzeh , premieres thursday , september 22 , at 8/7c . ” photos : check out the latest pics of minka kelly when jj contacted her reps , they did confirm the split .
kelley , 50 , along with her husband , scott kelley , 49 , fled new hampshire with her daughter , mary nunes , when the child was 8. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . kelley is in the custody of the coos county sheriff ' s office and has made an initial court appearance . the u.s. marshals service investigated numerous tips through the years . " but the sweetness was not to last . she said her daughter is safe . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to .
" hotel guest kyren block , 17 , was staying in a room down the hall . gomez and her date spent the night of prom at the hotel , 15 miles north of downtown . in the morning hours , the person that was with her found her deceased in her bed . he ' s here from san antonio for a basketball tournament . but something went wrong . " this is no exception . they looked really nice . miller . " you can imagine if you have ever attended a high school prom what goes on there , " said det .
) and other senators exiting an fbi briefing on the boston attacks , told reporters that the letter was tested at the facility and came up positive for ricin . a previous ricin scare hit the capitol in 2004 , when tests identified a letter in a just watched letter laced with ricin sent to senate replay more videos ... members will be warning their home-state offices to look out for similar letters , she added . senate majority leader harry m. claire mccaskill ( d-mo. sen. the letter was postmarked memphis , tenn. roger wicker , r-mississippi .
solberg said the estimated 50,000 women labelled " german girls , " who had or were suspected of having intimate wartime relations with nazi troops , ended up marked " for the rest of their lives . in 2007 a group of his mother , else huth from sarpsborg was just 22 in 1944 when she fell in love with a 25-year-old german soldier . " image copyright getty images image caption lebensborn facilities were set up in germany and nazi-conquered countries the apology was based on a report about norway ' s post-war actions published by the country ' s centre for holocaust and minorities studies .
the suspect ditched the bmw at an auto body shop and got a friend to drive him to the hospital , the sources said . nypd chief of department terence monahan tweeted that there “are no outstanding suspects at this time ” late saturday . he was arrested when he showed up at kingsbrook jewish medical center seeking treatment for at least one gunshot wound , according to sources . top tri-state news photos wale aliyu reports . new york ( cbsnewyork ) – police took two men into custody after an on-duty fbi agent was shot while working a case in brooklyn saturday afternoon , sources tell cbs2 .
the earthquake ' s epicenter was a few miles south of napa valley ' s renowned wineries , and the quake busted barrels and bottles of precious vintages . the two people who officials said were most seriously injured in the earthquake - including a 13-year-old napa boy struck by a crumbling chimney - were said to be improving and were expected to survive . which fault ? 24 ) at 3 : 20 a.m. local time . " blessings do happen . furniture splintered . the retired clerical supervisor watched in awe monday morning . however , the early false start highlights how both high-tech instruments and old-fashioned groundwork remain important in the aftermath of an earthquake .
on friday , april 1 , 2016 , the government issues the u.s. jobs report for march . steady hiring is also contributing to higher pay , which rose a modest 2.3 percent from a year earlier to $ 25.43 . spending ticked up just 0.1 percent in february for the third month in a row . low oil prices have cost that industry 185,000 since september 2014. continuing job gains indicate that employers may see the slowdown as temporary . [ … ] other economic data has been unusually mixed . story_separator_special_tag it was that time again , folks .
“but today , it seems that everyone has come together to join the protest against the new protest ad from pepsi. " pepsi was trying to project a global message of unity , peace and understanding , " the company said . " critics say the image of jenner handing the officer a pepsi evoked a photo of black lives matter protester ieshia evans approaching an officer at a demonstration in baton rouge last year . pepsi ... pepsico inc. ( associated press ) file - in this wednesday , sept. it initially described the spot as featuring " multiple lives , stories and emotional connections that show passion , joy , unbound and uninhibited moments .
“21st century fox is pleased to announce that it has settled gretchen carlson ’ s lawsuit . " i read that her show wasn ' t being renewed and , being a lawyer , i thought she got angry . ” a spokeswoman for the magazine said monday . we sincerely regret and apologize for the fact that gretchen was not treated with the respect that she &amp; all our colleagues deserve . of all the people who might have brought down ailes story_separator_special_tag it has been exactly two months since gretchen carlson , a former fox news anchor , sued her old boss , roger ailes , for sexual harassment .
speaking at the conservative political action conference , an annual gathering of conservatives outside washington , lapierre warned democrats would use the tragedy to push an agenda that went beyond gun control . , high school . " if they seize power ... breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . " it ' s a political issue . " schumer quickly fired back on twitter . our american freedoms could be lost and our country will be changed forever , " he said . / updated by jonathan allen national harbor , md . " they want to sweep right under the carpet the failure of school security .
indentification still has to be confirmed by dna but the bodies ' are extremely tall which is a good indication it is the missing couple , ' a police spokesman told the dutch media appointments the couple disappeared in murcia on may 13 and police found no trace of them since they checked into their hotel . one man was then arrested . subscribe newsletter &#124; print-version &#124; news archives &#124; comments policy please enable javascript to view the comments powered by disqus . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to .
apology from rupert murdoch over hacking scandal he had called the meeting with the dowlers and the family ' s lawyer mark lewis at a london hotel . it adds that , " we regret not acting faster to sort things out . to view this content you need flash and javascript enabled in your browser . speaking afterwards about the milly claims , mr murdoch told reporters : " i was appalled about what had happened and i apologise . les hinton , who worked for the company for 52 years , has stepped down as chief executive officer of dow jones &amp; company .
that ’ s an internal battle as well , he acknowledges : " if i see a black kid in a hoodie and it ’ s late at night , i ’ m walking to the other side of the street . just watched mark cuban remarks sparks fiery debate replay more videos ... " on his first entrepreneurial venture cuban is best known for his tech companies , but his first business was decidedly low tech . some things are random . anthony g. you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history .
a : we are devo ! " as an original member of devo , bob casale was there in the trenches with me from the beginning , " his brother gerald casale said in a facebook posting . hide caption 4 of 10 photos : devo style devo style – the band poses for a portrait circa 1979. we ' ve just finished our us tour with blondie and now we ’ re waiting until after thanksgiving to fly to australia and new zealand . this was the opposite of that : this was social and shared and passed around in a serial way , like “here i did this , what would you like to do with it ” .
there was no evidence that the retailers sold bertics the gun parts illegally , edwards said . contact rick hurd at 925-945-4789 and follow him at twitter.com/3rderh . orton was a 2014 graduate of las lomas high school in walnut creek , where she was a cross-country and track athlete . such parts to build a gun generally would run between $ 400 and $ 1,200 , according to websites advertising the parts and edwards ' own estimates . the bill — proposed by state sen. " these places sell the metal . police have not said bertics ' motive in showing up at the ortons ' door .
located in on the waterfront in stunning vanier park , the maritime museum ' s featured attraction is the st. this was one of my favorite activities from vancouver . great museum to visit during vacation . i used to come here a lot because i was part of the vancouver tourism group , now not so much . the ship inside is very cool to climb around and explore . some of their work is finely detailed . a vancouver mother and schoolteacher is sounding the alarm after stumbling upon another medium that she thinks may corrupt young and impressionable minds : 19th-century “whale bone porn.
the child ’ s father said he was giving the girl ’ s twin brother a bath and the child ’ s mother was at a laundromat during the time . ” the emt added . ” other neighbors said she wearing a diaper on , one slipper and wrapped up in a pink blanket . ” i have five children of my own , so it made sick seeing her like that , ” he said . additional reporting by lorena mongelli new york , n.y. two minutes later , after a fire truck came by , the father stuck his head out the window and screamed “oh my god !
the union representing flight attendants at american airlines is criticizing pittsburgh international airport ' s decision to allow non-flyers to pass through security checkpoints to access the airside terminal ' s shops , restaurants and gates . it also said there are no plans to expand the program . ” theresa clift is a tribune-review staff writer . tsa to implement new , stronger airport screening story_separator_special_tag sign up for one of our email newsletters . , have their name checked against a " no fly " list and then , just like regular flyers , go through security .
booker ’ s campaign pushed back hard against the attacks , saying there was nothing improper about his financial dealings and noting that he had given much of his income to charity and used his media appearances to focus attention on newark . juan valdes , a 38-year-old palisades park resident who voted for mr. just after 8 : 40 p.m. rush holt ( d-6th dist. frank lautenberg . ) . booker will now face steve lonegan , the republican primary winner , in the oct. “you can actually see the changes ” in newark , he said outside a polling place .
mr nygard ’ s interest in freeport , and stem cell research/therapies , is well known . *introductory pricing schedule for 12 month : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12. sorry about that . use #newsfromelsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via twitter . simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article . a recent change in the law would allow medical centres to open there , though the country ' s attorney general denies nygard was involved in the drafting of the legislation , the bahamas weekly reported .
( associated press ) louisville ' s wayne blackshear ( 20 ) and chane behanan ( 21 ) react to kevin ware ' s injury during the first half of the midwest regional final in the ncaa college basketball tournament , sunday , march 31 , ... " i ' ve not seen that in my life . keep in mind : ware was playing for no pay beyond " pray for [ ware ] , " columnist dave zirin tweeted . on friday , michigan and star guard trey burke completed an epic comeback over kansas . lopresti : injury evokes serious emotion photo : kevin ware ' s moment with trophy reaction : outpouring of support for ware hina was part of the team that stabilized ware ' s injury on the court as he was removed on a stretcher .
two decades after jonbenet ' s death , boulder police and prosecutors are planning new testing on dna evidence in the case . according to court documents obtained by people and filed in michigan on wednesday , spitz is arguing that the suit should be dismissed with prejudice because his claims that burke killed his younger sibling jonbenét in 1996 were merely “speculation. click here dr. " sign up for the 9newsletter thank you for signing up for the 9newsletter something went wrong . " and we are going to take a look at the new technology , and see how they may help us further this investigation .
the grad , which struck in the gedera area , was one of 31 rockets fired into israel on monday . " we call upon the israeli side to stop air raids against gaza . israeli government spokesman david baker did not immediately comment on the reported cease-fire . " when i was sleeping , all of a sudden i found the entire house falling on top of us , " gaza resident samer sukar said from a hospital bed . just watched israeli airstrikes target gaza replay more videos ... mrs clinton , mr lavrov and mr ban will then join a un security council debate on the arab spring .
philadelphia mayor nutter story_separator_special_tag a building that was being torn down collapsed with a thunderous boom wednesday , raining bricks on a neighboring thrift store , killing a woman and injuring at least 13 other people in an accident that witnesses said was bound to happen . he described rescuers were using buckets and bare hands to move the rubble to search for survivors . kimberly j. must watch victims trapped in building collapse 02 : 27 " we ' re taking away the debris . finnegan ' s body was pulled from the rubble wednesday at about 2 p.m.
new york — a new york official has accused the attorney and accountant for mysterious heiress huguette clark of a tax fraud that could cost her estate $ 50 million in irs penalties . " for outsiders , clark ' s intent was hard to divine . charged her for filing tax returns that were not filed . this photo was made on aug. she had no children . named as executors in both wills , they stood to make millions in fees alone.under friday ' s ruling , the pair may apply to the court for reinstatement .
sandy hook elementary school students returned to classes thursday in monroe . parents were invited into the school as sandy hook principal donna page , newtown school superintendent janet robinson and members of the newtown board of education greeted students and parents , white said . “there was probably some anxiety but it was more excitement . nbc ' s rehema ellis reports . 14. , police lt. 2 , 2013. the new sandy hook story_separator_special_tag dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . , wednesday , jan.
bodybuilder rich piana had 20 bottles of steroids during medical emergency bodybuilder rich piana had 20 bottles of steroids during medical emergency exclusive bodybuilding superstar rich piana had 20 bottles of steroids in his home at the time of his medical emergency ... the 911 operator instructed chanel to perform cpr but she was unable to revive him . this according to the police report obtained by tmz sports . chanel says rich is still alive and fighting -- but has asked for prayers . piana ' s girlfriend says she tried to catch the former mr. cops were called to piana ' s florida home at 1 : 30 pm on monday after the 46-year-old social media sensation suddenly collapsed in his bathroom while getting a haircut from his girlfriend , chanel .
there were more than 760,000 male finishers of u.s. halfs in 2013 , which was more than all finishers in 2006. the charts and table below , created using running usa ' s data , highlight some key stats and trends about the half marathon ' s popularity . the half marathon isn ' t just a u.s. phenomenon . everyone else is . the race seems especially popular in the united states , where 14 of the 20 most well-attended races were held . much of the growth has been driven by increased female participation . per our count , october hosted the most u.s. half-marathons ( 288 ) , while january had the least ( 83 ) in 2013.
“there should have been command level review at the time on the specifics of this case and decisions on whether the investigation should go forward. although portland massage therapist molly hagerty read a statement to detectives detailing accusations that gore groped and kissed her during an october 2006 late-night massage at the hotel lucia , police never contacted gore . here ’ s what reese has to say about how the investigation will unfold : “it is our responsibility to both parties involved to conduct a thorough , fair and timely investigation . i have asked detectives to assign appropriate resources in the interest of conducting a complete investigation in an expedited manner .
it would be the first withdrawal from the vault , she said . a failure at a fail-safe vault . syria ’ s four-year civil war has killed an estimated 250,000 people and driven more than 11 million from their homes , with 7.6 million displaced within syria . but it was no longer able to maintain its role as a hub to grow seeds and distribute them to other nations , mainly in the middle east . our original post from friday continues below . the volume of the water that leaked in is unknown . so we are doing measures to improve and secure the entrance and tunnel , ” aschim said .
on tuesday , uganda ' s ministry of health said in an emailed statement that testing on 11 potential cases of marburg came back negative , including that of the victim ' s brother . infection spread from the man to his traveling companion and a nurse at the hospital . " the national taskforce through the field epidemiologists and surveillance officers continues to closely monitor all people who got into contact with this confirmed case , " she noted . marburg , like ebola , is a hemorrhagic fever . story_separator_special_tag ... no further cases were detected . ( c.
to confirm the diagnosis , an endoscopy was done which showed a few metallic knives inside the stomach , " dr malhotra said . a man ate 40 knives in two months in amritsar in punjab because " he felt like eating them " . “this was very unnerving , i have not witnessed something like this in my career as a doctor. the matter came to light when he went to the doctor complaining of low appetite , weight loss and stomach pains . the man is now stable . " patient ' s ultrasound revealed a growth in his stomach .
according to his lawyer , abdelkader merah " strongly condemns " his brother ' s actions , saying he is " not at all proud " of them . the woman was released without charge earlier on sunday . mohamed merah had described himself as an al-qaeda member , and told police he had bought weapons for 20,000 euros ( £ 16,700 ; $ 24,400 ) using money taken through break-ins and hold-ups . a post-mortem examination showed he was hit by more than 20 bullets . he will be kept in custody , prosecutors said . he recorded the shootings on a video camera strapped to his body .
it ' s huge for i think all american fans , it ' s huge for the team , and it ' s historic , " u.s. coach jurgen klinsmann said . boyd had entered to start the second half . u.s. kit man jesse bignami pulled out his cell phone and snapped a picture of howard in a triumphant pose next to an artifact that was no longer accurate . just to be on the roster is cool . " time to change the sign . ( ap photo/eduardo verdugo ) ( associated press ) u.s. michael orozco celebrates with teammates after scoring during a friendly soccer game against mexico in mexico city , wednesday , aug.
in 2006 , california voters approved the law restricting where sex offenders could live . “the state attorney general ’ s office has advised us that applying the blanket mandatory residency restrictions would be found to be unconstitutional in every county. 83 or jessica ' s law . story_separator_special_tag california loosens sex-offender residency rules gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-2332066 &#124; article-gallery-6161963 &#124; 1 photo : brant ward , the chronicle image 1 of / 1 caption close gallery_thumbnails_show &#124; article-gallery-6161963 &#124; article-gallery-6161963 &#124; 0 gallery_overlay_open &#124; article-gallery-6161963 &#124; article-gallery-6161963 &#124; 0 gallery_overlay_open_thumbs &#124; article-gallery-6161963 &#124; article-gallery-6161963 &#124; 0 image 1 of 1 earl taylor often sleeps in the back of his truck in fairfield , ca because he cannot live with his wife .
korea regime change 00 : 52 the situation has led to frustration on all sides , with trump ' s cia director mike pompeo last week appearing to indicate support for regime change in pyongyang tong zhao , an analyst at the carnegie tsinghua center for global policy , said that " given the growing tensions and risks of military conflicts over the peninsula , i am sure china has been enhancing its military just watched us to ban americans from visiting north korea replay more videos ... the north korean-chinese border stretches 880 miles ( 1,415 kilometers ) across china ' s liaoning province , an industrial and mining heartland prone to heavy smog and painfully cold winters .
it is telling that women ’ s political giving went down during the same cycle that women ’ s representation in congress decreased . she is going to be better at what she does , ” bennett said . in 2010 , women made up just 26 % of recorded federal political contributions to candidates , political action committees ( pacs ) , and party committees . the time is ripe for women to increase their political giving to match their economic and voting power . the report reveals that in 2010 , on average , female house incumbents raised about $ 100,000 more than their male colleagues , and female challengers raised over $ 74,000 more than male peers .
brice ’ s clients ( “members , ” in the parlance of himalayan mountaineering ) , western guides , and sherpas repeatedly had to climb beneath the threatening ice bulge as they moved up and down the mountain to acclimatize and establish a series of higher camps necessary for their summit assault . and fatalities have been rising since then . annual fatality rates by profession ( deaths per 100,000 full-time equivalents ) miners ( 2000-2010 ) : 25 commercial fisherman ( 2000-2010 ) : 124 alaskan bush pilots ( 1990-2009 ) : 287 u.s. military in iraq ( 2003-2007 ) : 335 everest sherpas ( 2000-2010 ) : 1,332 everest sherpas ( 2004-2014 ) : 4,053 the reason for the discrepancy is simple .
then in his 2011 state of the union speech , obama unveiled " winning the future " as his new slogan . here ' s the front page of gingrich ' s presidential campaign website , newt.org : i asked gingrich ' s 2012 campaign how the former speaker feels about obama ripping him off so egregiously . the catchphrase failed to catch on with pushes from both politicians . " we intend to have a head on debate of whose policies will actually win the future and whose policies will lose the future . ” stephen colbert devoted a small segment to the doomed slogan back in january , “yes !
— as bill cosby ' s sexual assault trial opened monday , there was a reminder of his former reputation as " america ' s dad " — the actress who played his youngest daughter on tv . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . the district attorney at that time declined to press charges -- and in 2006 cosby settled a civil suit with constand that remained sealed for almost a decade . 30 , 2015. norristown , pa. and then she will have to defend her version under vigorous cross-examination , with the comedian ' s lawyers and the public scrutinizing her every word .
celebrated for their thin potting , fine near-white body and an ivory-colored glaze which tends to run down in somewhat darker ‘tears ’ , ‘ding ’ wares were ranked among the ‘five great wares ’ of the song a term coined by collectors of the ming and qing dynasties . 262. 57. 61. oppenheim . 102 , for further information . oriental ceramics , vol . 2 ( 2 ) , shijiazhuang , 2000 , pl . earlier this month , a collection of abstract impressionist art found in a long island garage was appraised at $ 30 million .
a fugitive murder suspect has been arrested after more than 45 years hiding from authorities , police in japan said . they say mr osaka was able to remain on the run for so long because he is a former high-ranking member of the radical left-wing jrcl and was assisted by sympathetic party associates . masaaki osaka , in an undated picture used for the police ' s wanted list . masaaki osaka was arrested wednesday for five offences including murder , tokyo police confirmed . the country has no statute of limitations for murder . jiji press via afp - getty images he reportedly threw petrol over the 21-year-old police officer before setting him on fire , nhk reported .
“when a person who ’ s committed a crime gets arrested and charged , that ’ s a bad day . she teared up as she spoke to gathered news media . orange county prosecutors say 30-year-old michelle hadley was framed . " “as important as the filing of charges against ms. you are now subscribed to the daily digest and cheat sheet . hadley is cleared in every possible way — in the courtroom and in the court of public opinion . we will not share your email with anyone for any reason . back then , hadley was released on $ 100,000 bail .
photos : jodie foster reunites with ex-partner – for coffee “she ’ s finally found the woman of her dreams , ” the source told star , ” so giving up alcohol was nothing for her. tell us your thoughts in the comments below ! at this point we rarely hear anything good about these two and at best it sounds like ellen puts on an act in public to try and offset all of the bad press . they ’ re crazy in love. will jodie take ellen ’ s advice or is she going to do as she pleases ?
playboy magazine is to stop publishing images of naked women as part of its redesign , it has emerged . " you ' re now one click away from every sex act imaginable for free . by covering up the nude photos , the magazine hopes to appeal to a broader and younger audience both in print and online . it ' s just passé at this juncture , " playboy ' s chief executive scott flanders told the new york times , which first reported the news on monday night . his comments sent shock waves through the magazine industry .
“ab 1884 is not ban on plastic straws . that will change . ” plastic is a material that lasts forever , yet 33 percent of all plastics are used just once and thrown away . that law states , " except as otherwise provided , a person who violates any provision of the code to be guilty of a misdemeanor with each offense punishable by a fine of not less than $ 25 or more than $ 1,000 , or by imprisonment in the county jail for a term not exceeding 6 months , or by both .
" story_separator_special_tag hans de borst is on facebook . his letter was also published by the hart van nederland newspaper on monday.the girl , 17 , was traveling aboard the boeing 777 from amsterdam to kuala lumpur , malaysia , for a vacation with her little brother , mother and stepfather . she did so well in school ! crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . story_separator_special_tag the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to .
nance told the glasgow daily times he issued the order so there wouldn ’ t be a lag if an adoption case was filed in his court concerning adoption by gay parents . that ruling came in four cases consolidated as obergefell et al . ” judge w. eventually , deputies in her office began issuing licenses . yet other groups , such as the family foundation , a lexington-based group that promotes “family-first conservatism , ” expressed their support of the judge ’ s decision to recuse himself . but he gave no indication that he would be stepping down .
it is shameful . mokdad ' s name on their conference , they are exploiting the tragedy of a young arab american girl to promote a bigoted agenda . america ' s best sledding hillstubing is one thing and old fashioned sledding is another . this community will not leave bigotry and islamophobia unchallenged . face the chilly challenge prepared with all the essential clothing , equipment , and gear and go to the right places to be rewarded with plenty of fish . we work against it in washington when it takes the form of bad policies , and we responded to it when policymakers joined in the media circus around the manufactured crisis of park 51 in lower manhattan .
leftist groups had also called for a protest on the day of his visit next saturday , leading keren hayesod ' s organizers to announce that they were cancelling bush ' s participation on security grounds -- not because of the criminal complaints . habre has been charged by belgium with crimes against humanity and torture , and is currently exiled in senegal . " he may enjoy story_separator_special_tag president george w. prosecute or extradite " president bush has admitted he ordered waterboarding which everyone considers to be a form of torture under international law . 12 in geneva .
hide caption 3 of 222 photos : unrest in syria syrian civil war in photos – a man stands next to debris in the road following a reported airstrike by syrian government forces in the northern city of aleppo on february 8. recent clashes between kurdish fighters and the al qaeda-linked islamic state of iraq and syria , or isis , pushed them into turkey . children shrieked as another large mortar shell exploded across the border . “we don ’ t want to go back to syria. numbering just 300,000 one year ago , the refugees now total 2.1 million , and the united nations predicts their numbers could swell to 3.5 million by the end of the year .
" i ' d like to run for edwin edwards and his wife , trina , arrive with their son , eli , at a baton rouge news conference , where edwards announced his comeback bid for congress . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . story_separator_special_tag former louisiana gov . the 6th district seat will be vacant this year because u.s. rep. landrieu . the campaign ’ s indelible bumper sticker read : " vote for the crook — it ' s important .
" it ' s a campaign issue , " he told the paper . story_separator_special_tag republican candidate frank lasee faces questions about whether he lives in the district of rep. a colleague of mine here at the journal sentinel tried to book lasee ' s de pere place last month , putting in a request for the night of april 21. get breaking news alerts and more from roll call on your iphone or your android . credit : mark hoffman daniel bice no quarter share state sen. reid ribble ' s soon-to-be vacant seat . ( scott j.
modi said on twitter he was “saddened ” by agarwal ’ s death . he had been fasting at triveni and bag ghats of the ganga in rishikesh since june 24 , his follower arvind hatwal said . ravi kant , director of the aiims hospital in the northern city of hrishikesh , on the banks of the ganges , said agarwal died of a cardiac arrest on thursday . a flagship five-year project he launched in 2015 has fallen flat , critics say . dr meenakshi dhar , head the team of doctors attending to him said he was dehydrated .
park rangers are offering a $ 10,000 reward to get their hands on whoever shot and killed three endangered southern sea otters in the santa cruz area . all of the animals were males . “we don ’ t know why these otters were shot , but what ’ s important to note is that killing or harassing federally protected wildlife is a crime. they were declared threatened in 1977. a fourth otter carcass was discovered on 20 august with a suspected gunshot wound , ashley spratt of the fish and wildlife service said on wednesday .
" asked how authorities were certain that kohlhepp was responsible for the previously unsolved killings at the motorcycle shop , wright said , " he told us some stuff that nobody else ought to know . carver and the woman went missing around aug. ( associated press ) in this thursday , nov. carver died of multiple gunshot wounds to the upper extremities , said clevenger , who ruled the death a homicide . 31. the sheriff says it ' s possible more bodies will be uncovered . ” in an exclusive interview with the independent-mail , shiflet said she has experienced a range of emotions since learning on friday that kohlhepp , 45 , allegedly shot her son .
marchionne had undergone shoulder surgery and released a statement about this , " it said . " the company was made aware that mr. the announcement of the death of marchionne , 66 , one of the auto industry ’ s most tenacious and respected ceos , drew tributes from rivals and tears from his closest colleagues on wednesday . ” ... however , some companies require their top brass to get annual health checks to protect their business interests . marchionne had received recurring treatment at its facility . marchionne unfortunately passed away. questions have been raised in the media over how long marchionne had been unwell , and whether fiat chrysler had been informed .
image caption bernard glesser ( left ) and michel dheilly have been held captive at the goodyear plant workers at a goodyear tyre factory in northern france have been holding two managers captive in a dispute over plans to close the plant . " it ' s a reaction of despair , " niel said . 6 , 2014. mickael wamen , a union leader , told the courrier picard newspaper that the managers had refused offers of mattresses and blankets overnight . companies including , 3m , sony and caterpillar were affected in 2009. " the amiens plant has an especially contentious past .
congrats to jodie foster and her new wife alexandra hedison . i can exclusively reveal that the oscar winner and her photographer girlfriend of almost a year got married this past weekend . e ! " internet chatter about the two began in the summer when the two were photographed together at a technology seminar at fox studios in los angeles and out to dinner with friends a few days later . story_separator_special_tag surprise ! a rep for foster confirms the happy news . online first reported the news of the couple ’ s nuptials . • reporting by julie jordan photos : surprise !
" " we did nothing to each it is not a viral challenge video , nor is it something about fortnite . youtube ’ s top trending content at the moment isn ’ t an advertisement , music video , or movie trailer . ! twitter : @daviddobrikinstagram : @daviddobriksnapchat : @daviddobrikvine : @daviddobrikmusically : @daviddobrikbusiness email : daviddobrikbusiness@gmail.comother people in the video : bignik- snapchat : @bignikvine twitter : @bignik instagram : @realbignikliza- twitter ; @lizakoshy instagram ; @lizakoshy snapchat ; @lizakoshysnapsseth - twitter/instagram : @whois_sethjack dytrych : twitter : @bigjuicyjack instagram : jdytrych22cailee : twitter/instagram : @caileeraemusiccorinna- twitter/instagram : @corinnakopfjason nash- twitter and instagram ; @jasonnashheath- twitter ; @heathhussar instagram ; @heathhussar snapchat ; @heathhussaralex ernst- twitter ; @alexernst instagram ; @ernst snapchat ; @alexernstthe gabbie show- twitter ; @thegabbieshow instagram ; @thegabbieshow snapchat ; @thegabbieshowzane- twitter ; @zane instagram ; @zane snapchat ; @zanehijaziscottysire- twitter ; @imnotscottysire story_separator_special_tag liza ’ s getting frustrated juggling all the gigs she has to hold down .
we hypothesized that men with relatively sexist attitudes would be more likely to allow their facial hair to grow than men with less sexist attitudes . benevolent sexism included actions such as opening doors and insisting on paying for dinner . " writing in the journal archives of sexual behavior , the researchers argued that other variables cannot fully explain away the relationship between hirsuteness and sexism . after controlling for demographic variables , men with facial hair were significantly higher in hostile sexism than clean-shaven men ; hostile sexism was a significant predictor of facial hair status over and above demographic variables ; and facial hair was more frequent among ambivalent and hostile sexists than among benevolent and non-sexists .
our sources say when cops arrived to search the home , salling was " shocked . at the time of this post , salling is being taken to the police station for booking . " glee " star mark salling has just been arrested for possessing child porn ... in 2013 he was sued by a woman who claimed he committed sexual battery on her by forcing sex without a condom . significantly younger than 15 and 16 year olds . the lapd continued its investigation amid concerns it was part of a revenge plot but authorities eventually obtained a search warrant , leading to salling ’ s arrest .
’ " he said . it was a gray squirrel , said mcdonald . buttle advised anyone attacked by a squirrel , or any animal , to talk to their doctor and follow the advice given . " i thought it was funny until i learned of two other people being attacked ; then i thought it should be taken a little more seriously , " he said . story_separator_special_tag tuesday march 15 , 2011 bennington -- an east street man said he was minding his own business and shoveling snow away from the side of his house when he was attacked .
22 , 2011 file photo , a doctor examines a pregnant woman at the district women ' s hospital , in allahabad , in india ' s most populous state of uttar pradesh . women are often the last to eat or receive health care in traditionally patriarchal indian households . ” “the advice is unscientific . ( associated press ) file- in this oct. it says pregnant women should also shun " impure thoughts " and look at pictures of beautiful babies to benefit the fetus . india ’ s government is advising ... the advice is unlikely to be followed at the many government-run health centers across india .
how people are exposed to phthalates people are exposed to phthalates by eating and drinking foods that have been in contact with story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) when was the last time you dusted your house ? “most studies only measure a few chemicals so it makes it hard to understand typical exposures in homes and work places , ” said the study ’ story_separator_special_tag since then , many advocates for human health have demanded overhaul of the patently “toothless ” law . " some chemicals were in virtually every dust sample . the chemicals come from a variety of household goods that includes toys , cosmetics , furniture , cookware and cleaning products .
rickard . he made his taped confession in march to the director john irvin , who has recreated mandela ’ s final months of freedom before … story_separator_special_tag a cia tip off to south africa ' s apartheid regime which led to nelson mandela ' s arrest and 27-year imprisonment was yesterday condemned as a " betrayal of our nation " by the grandson and heir of the former president . rickard donald c. donald was the third born of four sons of samuel and ada rickard . there , donald and his brothers attended woodstock christian school in mussoorie , northern india .
he said nokia has enough net cash to go through the transition and “the scope of today ’ s changes is designed to ensure this remains true. the cuts , which include the closure of nokia ' s only plant in finland , bring total planned job cuts at the group since elop took over as chief executive in 2010 to more than 40,000. takeover target ? " this is not a comfort zone for a company as large as nokia , " the analysts said . ’ s iphone and samsung electronics co. devices led to a slump in sales and four straight quarterly losses .
" i was surprised when my agent told me , " wen said hours before she was set to walk the runway . victoria ' s secret angels strut runway in $ 3 million bras , 100 pounds of glitter clary/getty supermodel selita ebanks gets hair and makeup work backstage at victoria ’ s secret show . she has a strong and energetic presence on the runway . ebanks ' first look on the 140-foot-long runway is a gold lightning bolt strapped lengthwise across her middle . she seemed only slightly overwhelmed : clad in a pink robe , one technician assigned to her fingernails , another to her toenails and another adding extensions to her already long black hair .
obama . ) but there are other times when the notion of momentum is behind the curve — as it probably now is if applied to mitt romney ’ s polling . according to the realclearpolitics average of national polls , romney leads obama by less than 1 percentage point , 47.7 to 47.1 an associated press-gfk poll released thursday shows romney edging obama , 47-45. our “now-cast ” also finds a slightly favorable trend for mr. 16 , in hempstead , n.y. 24 , so it completely encapsulates polling data since the second presidential debate last tuesday night , oct.
i ’ m a bit obsessed with fortune cookies . i took all the lucky numbers from the fortunes and compared them to the powerball numbers stretching from nov. ” there were 676 unique fortunes in the 1,035-cookie sample . we know the general distribution of letters in the english language , but we also know the approximate distribution of first letters in sentences , thanks to cryptographers who need to keep such information handy . or , according to occam ’ s razor , play several thousand lotteries with several thousand combinations , and you ’ ll hit a winner eventually .
1974 at the age of 39 after sandra rivett , his children ' s nanny , was bludgeoned to death at his home in london . lucan ’ s estranged wife veronica , the countess of lucan , had filed for divorce two years earlier and had successfully fought him story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption lord bingham , lord lucan ' s son : " i ' ve heard bizarre theories about my father " lord lucan is now presumed to be dead , a high court judge has ruled . some people believe he committed suicide by drowning himself in the english channel .
“i ’ m happier than i ’ ve ever been . the pregnant again model , 35 , went to a local farmer ' s market in l.a. with the die hard actor and the couple ' s daughter mabel , 20 months , on sunday dec. news has confirmed that the celeb sports star is expecting identical twin girls in april with his wife , yvette prieto . e ! — anya leon with reporting by elizabeth leonard share tweet share email <> embed ctrl-c or cmd-c , then press enter . the 50-year-old then invited another 1,500 friends to join in the celebrations at the bears club in jupiter , florida , not far from his 38,000-square-foot home .
genetic material found under vetrano ' s fingernails and on her phone and neck resulted in a dna profile . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
when the man the u.s. marshals suspected of being falcon and his wife went for a bike ride , the officers followed . " they were so flamboyant , " munday said . it is unclear how long the u.s. marshals monitored falcon before confirming his identity on wednesday . augusto falcon and magluta were small-time drug dealers when they dropped out of high school in the late 1970s to begin building their cocaine empire that would amass more than $ 2 billion , according to trial evidence . the arrest warrant for gustavo falcon , one of the infamous " cocaine cowboys , " was first issued on april 10 , 1991.
the first would be if syrian president bashar-al assad ' s government decided to comply with its obligations under annan ' s six-point peace plan - stopping its military assaults on syrian towns , withdrawing heavy weapons , returning troops to barracks and talking with the opposition on a " political transition . un observers have verified what appears to have been another multiple killing . " ​​​​mr . russia " categorically " opposed foreign intervention in syria , he said , as outrage grew over the massacre of 108 people in houla last week . the ... turkey is expelling all syrian diplomatic staff from ankara , following similar moves by western states .
” she died in a plane crash before the movie was released . story_separator_special_tag redbox it ' s an eerie and tragic example of life imitating art . heath ledger‘s last movie , “the imaginarium of doctor parnassus , ” is about a troupe of traveling performers who make deals with the devil and their audiences . " staffers began removing the deadline artwork yesterday and hope to complete the task by jan. [ all movie portal ] brad renfro acted in the title role of “the client ” when he was 11. ( originally published dec.
" it is so outrageous , " he says . click to enlarge courtesy of david roland another view of the duffners ' yard . and that was a problem for the duffners , who ' ve owned their home in the well-heeled st. but it doesn ' t contain turf grass . that ' s the same thing we ' re talking about here . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . , twitter and instagram . the duffners chose to instead file in federal court in 2016.yesterday , u.s. district court judge john a.
sandusky . " our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and the families , " it said . sandusky has said he is innocent of all charges . , said tuesday his teenage client , who made his initial allegation to youth-services officials in 2008 , planned to appear at a dec. sandusky in centre county court . enlarge image close getty images penn state students attending a candlelight vigil earlier this month on campus for victims of child abuse . mr. boni said . the grand jury report notes that two of the victims have not been identified despite eyewitness accounts .
police said the shooting appeared to be a " horrible accident . his brother was struck in the chest . investigators said the boys recently had learned that their father owned a handgun and kept it in the home in the 1700 block of silver bell circle . follow him at twitter.com . at some point , the firearm was loaded then thought to be unloaded by one of the boys where they then began to chase each other while playing “cops and robbers ” . you hear about this happening a lot ... " schroepfer said no arrests were expected .
a longtime acquaintance of arsenault ' s pointed out to us that arsenault is extremely fond of posting explicit videos and pictures of his sperm donations on the web . ) click this link : http://boxer.senate.gov/en/contact/policycomments.cfm b. ( trent exclusively drinks blueberry smoothies for breakfast and dinner to boost his sperm count. daddy bloggers just want to let the guy breed . even our slutty , nsfw friends over at fleshbot took a shine to him . “i will probably be the 40-year-old virgin , except i ’ ll have 15 plus story_separator_special_tag thank you for visiting san jose mercury news .
while the city has worked on finding housing opportunities for the homeless , the decision also comes in the wake of a deadly hepatitis a outbreak , which has largely impacted the homeless . on wednesdays , crews will move west and clean streets north of broadway , south of fir street , west of 10th avenue and east of pacific highway . industrial tent shelters will include beds , restrooms , showers , meals &amp; 24-hr security . in january , 5,619 transients were counted , a 10 percent increase from last year . service providers will also be on site at all three locations , offering alcohol and substance abuse counseling and job search training .
he told jurors that he was upset that warren was allowing that his ex-wife get his kids . also unlike a typical trial , mccarty wore a pair of handcuffs in view of the jury . the move earlier in the day to the adjacent room didn ’ t help much as mccarty continued to shout expletives , curse the presiding judge , the witnesses and the entire judicial system . “no i have not ! foxman ’ s next sentencing date is set for oct. 12. 30. the daytona beach news-journal reports 36-year-old alan mccarty jr.
judge denny chin wrote in an opinion filed in u.s. district court for the southern district of new york that the agreement “would simply go too far ” in terms of allowing google goog , +0.73 % to establish a business arrangement that grants it the right to “exploit entire books , without permission of the copyright owners. ” google ’ s ebooks service is designed to enable users to shop for and buy digital books from google and other retailers , and to get access to them on multiple devices . google has argued that its efforts can expand access to otherwise difficult-to-access volumes .
revolutionmuslim.com was named by roshonara choudhry in her police interviews as one of the sites which radicalised her . it said that no liberal democrats voted for the war but added : “they have now formed a coalition government with the conservatives. awlaki , an american citizen living in yemen , has been singled out by the head of mi5 , jonathan evans , as a figure “of particular concern ” to the security services . disqus it is not clear whether this claim is true . " we are determined to tackle extremism and always press for the removal of jihadist material on the internet .
thirty-five countries , representing more than half the world ’ s population , are invested in the project , which is so complex to finance that it requires its own currency : the iter unit of account . no natural phenomenon on earth will be hotter . there isn ’ t a physical substance that could contain such a thing . it would never melt down . just about every form of energy is in evidence nearby , from hydroelectric dams to floating solar panels . the cloud will be scorched by electric current ( a surge so forceful that it will make lightning seem like a tiny arc of static electricity ) , and bombarded by concentrated waves of radiation .
little did roger know , peggy was married to dave brown . 27 , the revelation happened — during e-mail exchanges between her and watson that began about a picture of a hawk . vietnam vets and long-lost friends david brown and roger watson of berkley found out they have been neighbors for 18 years . “it was just an incredible feeling , just amazing , ” he added . she saw the purple heart logo on his license plate . a meeting - in the yard - was quickly arranged . " on a different subject my husband dave was in the ninth infantry 15th combat engineers ' 1967-1968 vietnam .
" there ' s no excuse for that . ” story_separator_special_tag actress angela lansbury has gotten a taste of online culture in 2017 , and she doesn ’ t seem to have liked it very much . " lansbury released the statement after she was criticized for remarks she made about sexual harassment during a recent interview with the radio times . " should women be prepared for this ? i really do think that . those who have known the quality of my work and the many public statements i have made over the course of my life , must know , that i am a strong supporter of women ’ s rights.
the first two videos , from early saturday , show jenkins , her gait steady , walking with three others through a public part of the hotel story_separator_special_tag videos catch glimpses of kenneka jenkins ’ final hours at crowne plaza she arrived at the hotel to party with her friends . 15 , 2017 , that they will conduct their own investigation and perhaps seek a second autopsy . " now there has to be an answer to how that happened . attorneys larry rogers jr. then she wanders around another passage , clearly disoriented . please try again later .
although officials have not said where those drones have been flying from , a pentagon spokesman said tuesday that having the new unit in chad , which borders the northeastern tip of nigeria , will enable longer surveillance flights . " we still believe that they ' ve broken up into small groups and dispersed . so why are troops deploying to chad ? " just watched no sign of nigerian violence slowing replay more videos ... myles b. caggins iii . col. " president barack obama informed the house speaker and the president of the senate of the move .
rebekah martinez was reported as missing in humboldt county on nov. they are men and women , and two very small girls . photo : left : attorney general ' s office . is humboldt county , as hansen suggested , a black hole ? " the story was accompanied by a slideshow of all 35 people currently listed as missing in the county . to begin with , it ' s hard to make an apples-to-apples comparison of humboldt to other parts of the state or other parts of the country . 18. right : craig sjodin/abc via getty images image 1 of / 47 caption close feds thought she was missing in humboldt , but woman was spotted on ' the bachelor ' 1 / 47 back to gallery a woman who was reported as missing in humboldt county was found this week in a rather visible place — the reality series " the bachelor .
story_separator_special_tag morgan stanley ’ s handling of facebook inc. by aruna viswanatha dec 17 ( reuters ) - the u.s. credit union regulator sued jpmorgan securities and bear stearns &amp; co on monday over $ 3.6 billion in mortgage securities the bank allegedly sold to credit unions that collapsed because of losses from the securities . ” influenced research wall street banks including morgan stanley agreed in 2003 to overhaul internal controls and wall off businesses after regulators found some firms let investment bankers influence analyst research . new york-based morgan stanley didn ’ t admit or deny galvin ’ s claims in settling .
for now , a " trunk-or-treat " will be held in the parking lot of a catholic school in a nearby township . frein allegedly killed one officer and injured another . barrett township supervisors voted unanimously wednesday night to cancel halloween trick-or-treating this year as officials continue their search for eric frein . the state game commission said friday that hunters and trappers can enter lehman township and portions of blooming grove and porter townships . where is he ? copyright associated press / nbc 10 philadelphia download abc news for iphone here or abc news for android here .
mit says that maternal and neonatal health is a space that “lags behind others ” in innovation , and they want to change that . he was laughing at the ridiculousness of the contraption : a standard mechanical breast pump . the pump is a symbol of the modern work-life conundrum . though the hackathon is over we are still accepting ideas for improving the breast pump . it ’ s hard to keep track of what you pump . send them to us here . your colleagues think pumping is weird . plus , breast pumping flat-out sucks .
miss fermanova is under house arrest and has had her passport confiscated . there is growing concern in america over the actions of apparently " cold-war style " spies , several of whom were caught last month living apparently ordinary lives in suburban america . “she is quite sexy , you could say , but she is not a spy , ” said fermanova ’ s addison-based attorney , scott palmer . fermanova was arrested earlier this month when she returned to the united states to visit family . according to her facebook page , she is a 2005 graduate of the ogle school of hair skin and nails .
she set up a tent on a bed of pine needles and sticks , and wrote in a journal every day for at least the next 18 days . the wardens concluded that largay made her way to higher ground in an attempt to get better cell coverage . call police for what to do pls . but her body was not found until october 2015. ” she tried sending it again 20 minutes later . off trail 3 or 4 miles . somewhere north of woods road . : “lost since yesterday . still nothing . 6 .
" for parliament to vote against this package would be a crime - the country would be voting for its suicide , photo chancellor angela merkel of germany welcomed the development as “really good news , ” while the president of the european commission , josé manuel barroso , and the european council president , herman van rompuy , said in a joint statement that greece had taken “a vital step back — from the very grave scenario of default. ” officials have promised that they will make more money available to help stimulate growth in greece if it sticks to its austerity pledges .
and the senate will swiftly begin vetting the president-elect ’ s most controversial cabinet picks , ready to confirm some when trump is inaugurated as president on jan. in those 10 years , republicans have amassed a wish list of things they ’ d like to get done . republicans will hold 52 ( photo : j. 20. 14 , 2016 . johnson such as social security and medicare . roosevelt and lyndon b. for republicans , the path to this moment has been long and transparently paved — the house in particular has signaled the republican policy vision through bills it has been passing for years .
we aim to estimate the impact of lifestyle factors on premature mortality and life expectancy in the us population . the population-attributable risk of nonadherence to 5 low-risk factors was 60.7 % ( 95 % ci , 53.6-66.7 ) for all-cause mortality , 51.7 % ( 95 % ci , 37.1-62.9 ) for cancer mortality , and 71.7 % ( 95 % ci , 58.1-81.0 ) for cardiovascular disease mortality . abstract background — americans have a shorter life expectancy compared with residents of almost all other high-income countries . story_separator_special_tag this crawl of online resources of the 115th us congress was performed on behalf of the united states national archives &amp; records story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) want to prolong your life expectancy by more than a decade ?
supervisor scott wiener during the board of supervisors meeting in san francisco , calif. i have the honor of representing a district that includes the castro -- ground zero for the hiv epidemic . after all these years , we still see enormous stigma , shame , and judgment around hiv , and around sexuality in general . i recently decided to be public about my use of prep in order to raise awareness about this relatively new tool for preventing hiv . photo : drew altizer photogaphy s.f infections . story_separator_special_tag each morning , i take a pill called truvada to protect me from becoming infected with hiv .
magnetic levitation ’ s best-known use is in maglev trains . but the slice of pavement near the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives in the district could be the gritty precursor to a tunnel network that could propel pods filled with people and speeding platforms topped with teslas and toyotas between the nation ’ s capital and new york in 29 minutes . just received verbal govt approval for the boring company to build an underground ny-phil-balt-dc hyperloop . d.c. mayor muriel e. right now , asked about the permit , issued nov. it can also be used for display and novelty purposes , such as floating speakers .
" in the state of connecticut , however , they are only inspected once a year . the festival ' s organizer , the nonprofit norwalk seaport association , said it directed the ride ' s operator , stewart amusement , to shut down the entire ride area until state inspectors completed a check . " there is no federal oversight of fixed amusement parks and that is part of the problem , " he said . " it was a big boom , a big crash , three or four times over , " deyo ello told news 12 .
crystal palace 1-0 middlesbrough a crystal palace spokesman told the sun : " the team bus was covered in graffiti with the words " crystal palace " overnight on friday ahead of the game on saturday . contrary to speculation , the coach had not been provided for boro to use for their visit to selhurst park . no contract . story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . they are believed to have thought it was middlesbrough ' s team bus , when it had been loaned to the club by palace after aitor karanka ' s squad flew down to london on friday .
“i certainly was a victim when i was having my head bashed into the concrete and my nose broken and beaten , ” zimmerman told cnn on monday . perhaps that ’ s why he claimed memories of the night don ’ t haunt him . ” though zimmerman once aspired to be a police officer , he now says that he hopes to be a lawyer . despite all the controversy over the verdict , zimmerman never doubted himself because of his faith in god . i watch comedy shows , home improvement shows . so i ’ m not well enough informed to give you exacts [ sic ] .
— royals nation ( @royalsnation ) february 22 , 2017 instead of cutting the intentional walk , make it more exciting ! take a look at these classics . ( norm hall/getty images ) tuesday brought news of a relatively small but noteworthy change being implemented by mlb this season : intentional walks will now be granted to hitters with a signal from the opposing dugout , rather than by having the pitcher throw four obvious balls . intentional walks took an estimated 1410 minutes in 2016. is the automatic ibb really gonna fix pace of play ?
he initially said sayoc faced up to 58 years in prison , but the justice department later revised that figure to 48. the van was plastered with images of mr. " these are not hoax devices , " wray said . sayoc was charged with illegal mailing of explosives , threats against former presidents and others , and assaulting current and former federal officers , attorney general jeff sessions said , adding that charges could change or expand as the investigation continues . ... court records show sayoc has a history of arrests . oct. the suspect , cesar altieri sayoc jr.
tobias riede closed-mouth vocalizations are sounds that are emitted through the skin in the neck area because birds descended from dinosaurs , the research may also shed light on how dinosaurs made sound . now listen closely to your fearsome and possibly feathered friend . here we describe closed‐mouth vocalizations of birds from functional and morphological perspectives and assess the distribution of closed‐mouth vocalizations in birds and related outgroups . his solution was to spend months recording animal noises — some exotic , some not — then tweaking those homegrown sounds to create something otherworldly but still organic . " laughed gary rydstrom .
the chili peppers ( or three-fourths of them ) weren ' t playing their instruments at the super bowl . we have been on the road for 31 years doing it . graphic : super bowl history : a timeline of the nfl ’ s championship game but flea has his reasons for doing so , and they ' re ones that strike us as pretty reasonable . in fact , he writes , " i would do it all the same way again . ’ m still waiting for the boors who line up to pillage pop singers for actual and imaginary lip-synching — and for , um , moral “transgressions ” — to demand accountability from the red hot chili peppers .
" schaller said that to gain traction in the media and improve poll numbers , christie and his rivals will likely start playing nastier faster than ever . for the most part , people will be looking to the future , not the past. " on thursday at an ersatz campaign stop in new hampshire story_separator_special_tag chris christie : no teleprompter for launch gov . " christie , who specializes in full-contact politics , is already employing a plan of attack . ... scott walker . " it ' s disgraceful . story continued below offering himself as a pragmatic , results-oriented conservative , christie will signal his willingness to take on tough issues that others duck , notably entitlements .
no bird has that structure in any part of its plumage and none of the developmental models that biologists use to understand the evolution of feathers includes a stage that has anything like that kind of anatomy . but were they the only feathery dino group ? describe an early neornithischian dinosaur with both early feathers and scales . the details have been published in the journal science . " some will have had feathers as young animals and kept them throughout their lives . godefroit et al . image copyright pascale golinvaux/rbins/science image caption the researchers believe the dark areas on this dinosaur fossil are remains of the earliest feathers perhaps a little bit , according to professor mike benton , of bristol university , who was also involved in the work .
' " she ' s also been able to say " hi mama , " " daddy " and " nanny . , kali hardig , 12 , poses in an undated family photo . the child has a rare brain infection . before kali , doctors could only point to one known survivor in the u.s. and another in mexico . ( ap ... the amoeba typically enters the body through the nose as people are swimming or diving . traci hardig brought kali ( pronounced kay ' -lee ) to arkansas children ' s hospital with a nasty fever on july 19.
trump colluded with russia , and that ’ s a crime . they interviewed three families about how they expected the gop tax bill to affect them . presidential approval polls are a good predictor of how a president will perform . then , the media talked again and again about how unpopular the republican plan was and how it was going to weaken republican candidates in 2018. trump will not nominate qualified judges to the supreme court . trump will be gone ( impeached , jailed , or quit ) by end of 2017. trump ’ s decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel will cause huge problems .
" on its website , 5-hour energy says it gives " hours of energy " with " no crash later . monster leads in the u.s. by volume , ahead of austria ' s red bull gmbh and rockstar inc. a spokeswoman for schneiderman declined to comment , as did pepsico . lawsky , accused british bank standard chartered plc of illegal dealings with iranian entities , and the bank agreed to a $ 340 million settlement . eric t. the company said in the memorandum , which was distributed in connection with a debt offering , that it was responding to the inquiry .
the law calls for discussions on lowering the legal age of adulthood from 20 before it is put into effect . what was inside , though , this was almost unchanged from 69.4 percent in the 2008 survey . the early feedback was positive , leading the team to work on the release of curazy . but while that means an extra two years to enjoy the benefits and protection society affords to minors , everyone has to grow up sometime , and for one japanese twitter user the transition was especially abrupt . normally when someone hands you something like this on your birthday , you expect a birthday card , and the envelope did indeed have “happy birthday ” written on it .
and that ’ s on top of the main tweet , which can be 140 characters long . but i kid . in truth , expanded tweets have been around for a while — if you include a picture or a video as part of a twitter message , then your followers can click to see it . ” ( on twitter , i tried to tell ingram that his article was equally dumb for suggesting that i was proposing unlimited-character tweets rather than 280-character tweets , but of course twitter ’ s dumb character limit made the whole argument dumb.
instead of promoting the " today " show as a happy family , nbc has aired the family story_separator_special_tag megyn kelly and nbc news have engaged in conversations about her taking a new role at the news division , according to a person who has spoken with the anchor , suggesting both sides have grown weary of the intense scrutiny being placed on her morning program , “megyn kelly today ” and casting significant doubt on its future . ( the meeting was scheduled well before the controversy ensued. negotiations about the end date and other details are still underway .
fed up with litter and drunkenness on its beaches , san diego ' s city council in 2007 passed a one-year ban on beach drinking . but , thanks to a loophole authorities are now trying to close , drinking a few feet from shore is not . in the bays , calm waters and the absence of waves facilitate floatopia drinking . dozens of large and small drinking-and-floating events have been held since mid-2008 . " nobody has drowned so far . kraemer . ball . extra police and lifeguards cost the city tens of thousands of dollars .
he was diagnosed with parkinson ' s disease in 2011. " there is not a single athlete of my generation who was not inspired by roger and his achievements both on and off the track . he was considered for the british team at the 1948 london olympics - just two years after taking up running as a 17-year-old - but did earn a place in the team at the 1952 games in helsinki , where he set a new british record en route to fourth in the 1500 metres final . " it ' s in the nature of things , there ' s a gentle irony to it .
” miami-dade police chief juan perez said 8 people have been taken to the hospital and eight vehicles are stuck under the bridge and the number of dead is undetermined . mark mckenney said in a press conference . thank you first responders who assisted in the rescue efforts at the collapsed crossing bridge . joe raedle/getty images ten injured victims , labeled as level-one trauma patients , were transported to nearby kendall regional medical center , program director dr. at least one woman , katrina collazo , was pulled from her half-crushed car , miraculously unscathed . she ’ s in school.
ralph northam and his wife found pillowcases emblazoned with former governor terry mcauliffe ’ s face and a favorite saying on their bed in the governor ’ s mansion . " also , at 3 o ' clock this morning , an alarm clock went off , which i have yet to find . story_separator_special_tag newly inaugurated gov . it was no teddy bear . mark r. such pranks are common in virginia , the only state where the governorship changes hands every four years . " let me show you the picture , " northam said , pulling out his cellphone after a brunch hosted by the first lady sunday at richmond ' s jefferson hotel .
travel journalist of the year is andrew mccarthy , who won the gold for his freelance writing in some of north america ’ s best travel magazines . romenesko memos peter wallsten ' s " instinct for discovering hidden gems and talking to the untalked-to will help on a highly competitive beat where ingenuity and resourcefulness are in demand , " says a post memo announcing the hire . &#124; &#124; more at altweeklies.com . and there ’ s absolutely no hope for the future , ” my mother-in-law told me recently . and then it all ended .
the final ranking orders counties by the difference in per-capita income between incoming households and those that didn ’ t move . slide show : where america ’ s rich are going ( and leaving ) we looked for counties that the rich are moving to in big numbers . shrum also points to eight states that have targeted wealthy households with extra-high tax brackets : california , new jersey , new york , maryland , hawaii , oregon , connecticut and wisconsin . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
“i believe in the first amendment and boobs , ” travis stated . i had just introduced two guests , former espn senior editor keith reed and fox sports radio ' s clay travis , who had agreed to come on to discuss the white house call for espn to dismiss anchor jemele hill after she called the president a " white supremacist " on twitter . because as a woman – ” travis cut her off . need video now . that interview has been cancelled . “i ’ m done , i ’ m sorry .
( scott sommerdorf &#124; the salt lake tribune ) salt lake city mayor jackie biskupski announces that findings have been made ... the incident , involving nurse alex wubbels , was recorded on a body camera . ms wubbels screamed " i ' ve done nothing wrong ! " as she was dragged away . an internal affairs investigation into the actions of the salt lake city officers is considering possible misconduct relating to lawful arrests and the police code of ethics . " salt lake city mayor jackie biskupski said the footage of ms wubbels ' arrest , which was captured on 26 july but emerged some weeks later , was " unacceptable " .
" " i would suggest to you that this issue about gardasil and making it available was about saving people ' s lives , " he added . " we ' re the party of life . perry also responded to the crowd ' s negative reaction to his support for allowing in-state tuition for illegal immigrants , saying his campaign has " the right message " on opportunities for children who were brought to the united states illegally " by no fault of their own . now we ' ve subsequently found out that was generated and not true .
attorneys representing the late american painter thomas kinkade ' s wife , nanette , trustee and executor of the kinkade family trust and the artist ' s estate , have filed a temporary restraining order against his live-in girlfriend , amy pinto-walsh . " he died in his sleep ... first st. " the release of these items would be personally devastating not only for mrs. in san jose . judge lucas is set to hear the matter at 9 a.m. they also prevent her from disclosing information on the kinkade business . in a 2006 times report , some former gallery owners depicted kinkade as a ruthless businessman who drove them to financial ruin .
two sources familiar with tillerson ’ s conversations with friends told cnn over the weekend that he has grown so frustrated with president donald trump and his administration that there may soon be a “rexit. ” the change in tillerson ’ s tone followed a stressful week for the secretary of state . ' commitment to its agreements and the president ' s continued warmth toward russian president vladimir putin and the kremlin . he was found to have violated u.s. sanctions against russia while working as ceo of exxon mobil . is traditionally done. also , trump publicly assailed one of tillerson ’ s fellow cabinet members , attorney general jeff sessions , saying he regretted hiring him .
learn more story_separator_special_tag snoop dogg finally received a star on the hollywood walk of fame on monday and he had many to thank — including himself ! " i want to thank me for doing all this hard work . dre and quincy jones , all of whom were in attendance -- and god . after thanking friends and family , snoop dogg ended his acceptance speech by quipping , " i want to thank me . the multi-platinum artist was praised as a visionary and inspiration to others , while being lauded for his lengthy you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
past research has shown that processes such as wastewater injection at oil drilling and fracking sites throughout the state could induce a small number of earthquakes but scientists have never been able to specifically link some of the more distant or stronger earthquakes with these sometimes faraway wastewater wells . that is , until now . the typical nationwide ratio is five to one . this represents about 20 % of the total in the central and western us in this period . that increasing pressure reduces the frictional strength of faults , abers explains , allowing them to slip .
the mound is called gadachrili gora , and the stone age farmers who lived here 8,000 years ago were grape lovers : their rough pottery is decorated with bunches of the fruit , and analysis of pollen from the site suggests the wooded hillsides nearby were once decked with grapevines . 6,000 – 5,800 bc . on a small rise less than 20 miles south of tbilisi , georgia , a clutch of round , mud-brick houses rises from a green , fertile river valley . in a paper published today in the journal pnas , an international team of archaeologists has conclusively shown what all those grapes were for .
we have a set of community standards that are designed to help people understand what is acceptable to . “we remove photographs of people displaying genitals or focusing in on fully exposed buttocks , ” it says . billions of pieces of content are shared on facebook every day . so is anything that encourages suicide or eating disorders . in december , it blocked a page in russia that was promoting an antigovernment protest , then allowed copycat pages to stay up . we challenge requests that appear to be unreasonable or overbroad . threatening people with physical or financial harm , or bullying them by posting items intended to degrade or shame them , is also prohibited .
-- florida ' s busiest airport is becoming the first in the nation to require a face scan of passengers on all arriving and departing international flights , including u.s. citizens , according to officials there . " we ' re not talking about one gate , " he said . errors tend to go up as uses go up . ( associated press ) orlando , fla. two u.s. senators researchers say this is because photos used to train the face-scanning software underrepresent minorities , women and young people . " in seconds , facial recognition technology can compare a picture taken at the gate against a flier ' s passport picture stored in a government database .
appearing on cbs ' s " face the nation , " rogers also said investigators are still not close to a likely theory on the matter , but suggested that the plane might be at the bottom of the indian ocean . malaysian police ... col. story_separator_special_tag rep. ( associated press ) two malaysian children stand in front of messages board and well wishes to people involved with the missing malaysia airlines jetliner mh370 , sunday , march 16 , 2014 in sepang , malaysia . it was an intentional , deliberate act to bring down this airplane , " rep.
' " charles lago of dtla entertainment group , who was sizemore ' s former manager for a half-dozen years until lago dropped him in disgust after he was accused of beating women , said he was " not surprised " by the allegation . according to these cast- and crewmembers , rumors swirled and emotions rose on set over what had allegedly transpired . sizemore declined to address the situation . the incident has never been revealed publicly . usa today reached out to sizemore ' s representatives but has received no response . despite his rap sheet , he has worked steadily ; his imdb page lists 15 projects in 2018 alone .
yosemite national park search and rescue conducts hundreds of rescues each year . two rock climbers were ascending el capitan on the nose route , a popular and difficult climbing route on the 7,569 granite monolith in yosemite valley . at 3 : 50 p.m. cancel you are exiting the national park service website thank you for visiting our site . gabriel , who had consulted with the park ' s medical clinic , knew of the short window of time in which the thumb could successfully be reattached and felt the complex mission was worth pursuing . " the severed thumb miraculously fell approximately 80 feet and landed on a two foot by one foot ledge , " park officials said in a statement released wednesday afternoon .
one said : “ewan and mary elizabeth were there together and seemed relaxed in each other ’ s company . married trainspotting star ewan , 46 , spent more than an hour at the fashionable establishment with mary elizabeth , 32 , who plays his lover in us telly show fargo . the new face of corporate crime , joe ' s bringing a walmart mentality to small town america . helping him piece things together is his father-in-law , sheriff hank larsson . good night ! written by fx networks a family source confirms to people that the couple has been separated since may — amid news that mcgregor was spotted kissing his costar mary elizabeth winstead .
" as tmz is reporting , daly then suggested that gays would not brave enough to handle such a dangerous situation : " if that were me ... i sincerely apologize . following comments he made earlier in the day on his radio show , glaad has been in dialogue with carson daly and his team , who have now provided us with the following statement : " we live in a time where gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender individuals find courage every day to overcome adversity , stand up to bullying and find equality . thank god .
facebook if aaron wants to turn on his lights or have internet access , he ' ll have to make monthly payments : $ 430 for rent , $ 116 for electricity , $ 21 for internet , and $ 150 for food . i was wrong . " " that ' s it . what can i do to start earning my stuff back ? i ' m really sorry . advertisement - continue reading below aaron lied about doing his homework and was rude to his mom ' s face — not cool at all . you will need to keep your bathroom clean weekly , prepare your own meals and clean up after yourself .
" she said the u.s. embassy in beijing was looking for him . arturo pierre martinez , 29 , of el paso , texas , said he entered north korea by crossing the river border with china . his comments came amid north korea ' s own loud protests of a resolution in the united nations that could open the door for its leaders to face charges of crimes against humanity for human rights violations , raising questions of whether martinez was trotted out to the media for propaganda purposes . " he said he wanted to protect latinos and he worried about the world and about people .
in 2009 a passenger gave birth to a baby boy while on a flight from chicago to salt lake city . the woman was assisted by the flight crew and a doctor and nurse who were aboard , airline spokeswoman emily samuels said . " a team of medics met the plane when it did land in los angeles . " all of a sudden i heard a baby cry like a gurgling sound , like a baby that had too much milk or whatever and i ' m like ' there ' s no babies on this flight , ' " reed said .
police chased him on back roads to a nearby town and he was killed in a shootout , authorities said . john ’ s hospital in springfield . he apparently broke into the home of my wife ' s mother and shot everybody inside . " he was under a lot of stress . when police caught up with smith , he got out of his car , pointed a gun at them and began firing . roy ralston was found in a hallway of the home , the two boys in a bedroom and sinclair and luark in another bedroom , kilby said .
murkowski said that with gay marriage , ' there is a change afoot in this country . murkowski said her position may depend on what she hears from her consitutents in alaska , who in 1998 passed an amendment to the state constitution defining marriage as between one man and one woman . u.s. sen. ’ ” murkowski told the river star . don young ( r-alaska ) has said he ' s against it . when asked about same sex marriage — which is currently being considered by the u.s. supreme court in two separate cases — murkowski seemed to indicate a softening on her previous stance .
dixon , writing that he had tried to throw an “unknown liquid substance ” at the officers , and in response , they had searched his cell for contraband . on tuesday , ponte told board members that figure is closer to 1,000 inmates . for the third witness , the times was provided a copy of the clinician ’ s email to superiors about the incident , on the condition that the sender ’ s name be withheld . barnes wrote . mr. robert cohen . there were a total of 68 total such slashing the previous fiscal year and 55 in fiscal 2012 , the letter said .
brentano said the county catholic newspaper , published by the roman archdiocese of vancouver , reported that “aborted and miscarried children ” are “ending up in an oregon waste-to-energy plant , likely mixed with everyday trash ” and “incinerated to provide electricity to the people of marion county. " you ' ve got biological agent and infectious diseases in there , so they ' re never opened once they ' re sealed , " bickford said . jill stueck , a covanta spokeswoman , said the company is cooperating with the suspension , and it does not seek out the waste that mortified commissioners .
, is preparing to confirm a “massive data breach ” of its core service , one that could affect and expose ‘several ’ hundred million user accounts . ( associated press ) file - in this june 5 , 2014 , file photo , people walk in front of a yahoo sign at the company ' s headquarters in sunnyvale , calif. inc. our security team is working to determine the facts . peace told motherboard that he has been trading the data privately for some time , but only now decided to sell it openly .
the victim , a 34-year-old woman , spotted the crash and stopped to help . deputies said she was bleeding from the head . three young men jumped out of the vehicle that was involved in the crash and stole hers . one is described as being heavy-set wearing striped shirt and jeans . the florida highway patrol is investigating the initial crash . the incident happened around 5 : 40 a.m. at mile marker 128 on i-4 westbound . do not approach the suspects . the unresponsive woman was also believed to be in her teens or early 20s , with short dreadlocks , a red hooded sweatshirt , brown jeans and black shoes .
“it ’ s up to republicans in the story_separator_special_tag house republican leadership has no plans to vote on any immigration reform legislation before the end the year . “because i do think that every day that goes by , it makes it more and more difficult. ) have also attendees included representatives from the u.s. chamber of commerce and the national association of manufacturers . ” other prominent immigration supporters like sen. mario diaz-balart ( r-fla. that confrontation , some republicans say , further poisoned the president ’ s relations with the party . ( watch : barack obama on immigration : ' let ' s do it now ' ) of course , the dynamics could change .
q : is it legal for motorcycles to " lane split " or ride in between lanes of traffic ? the california assembly unanimously green-lighted ab 51 on thursday . putter through gridlocked cars and they won ’ t raise an eyebrow . that question was posed by a reader who encountered a motorcycle lane splitting on the new jersey turnpike hudson county extension . jerry brown ' s desk . but as the la times reports , the public started making noise when the chp tried to publish “safe strategies on the practice. the fee charged to battery buyers would rise to $ 2 in 2022.
but concern for animals wasn ’ t foremost in his mind in 2008 , when he decided to buy a franchise of banfield pet hospital , america ’ s biggest chain of veterinary clinics . veterinarians feared banfield just as mom and pop grocery stores once feared walmart . he was thinking about money . mars inc. he also knew that a lot of doctors thought banfield overvaccinated pets . pet care is becoming a big business , as pet owners increasingly treat their dogs and cats like family members , paying top dollar to keep them healthy and extend their lives .
" story_separator_special_tag tmz obtained a trove of photos that allegedly show u.s. marines posing next to and burning dead bodies of insurgents in fallujah , iraq , in 2004 . many are just too gruesome . which makes it a crime to mishandle remains.there is no statute of limitations on the crime -- even if the soldiers are now private citizens ... ( warning : graphic images ahead. " we have not included all of the photos , " tmz says . burning bodies directly violates the uniform code of military justice . , director of press operations for the dept .
a tie-up with ice , however , would link nyse euronext to one of the industry ’ s fastest-growing exchanges . it might also reap some of the benefits that have driven a decade-long spree of consolidation among exchanges . it has a little more than 1,000 employees , while nyse euronext has 3,077. at the time , the company said that it would most likely look to smaller acquisitions and cost-cutting . it competes fiercely with the cme group , a derivatives trading powerhouse that owns the chicago mercantile exchange and the chicago board of trade . nathaniel popper contributed reporting .
“he said that ' s what he would do , he would run , because he ' s not going to jail for child support , ” his brother , rodney scott , told msnbc on wednesday . though the threat of jail is considered an effective incentive for people who are able but unwilling to pay , many critics assert that punitive policies are trapping poor men in a cycle of debt , unemployment and imprisonment . walter scott was killed by a police officer after a traffic stop last week . you got to get it together .
” no further details on friday ’ s “punk ’ d ” prank were immediately available . her good friend , justin bieber . taylor swift got punk ’ d by justin bieber in new first episode ! -- caption justin bieber arrives at the 2011 mtv video music awards at nokia theatre l.a. live , los angeles , on august 28 , 2011justin bieber ’ s ferrari is a little less pristine on tuesday afternoon after the singer was involved in a minor car collision on tuesday in los angeles . all rights reserved . this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
karzai was shot to death by a police official , sardar muhammad , a longtime confidant , who was immediately killed by mr. that effort may have been mortally wounded along with wali karzai on tuesday . kandahar today witnessed the darkest day , " wesa added at a news conference . " the only way to clean up chicago is to get rid of capone . quick answer : there will be blood . no one knows yet . flynn , the top military intelligence officer in afghanistan , told the newspaper , " if we are going to conduct a population-centric strategy in afghanistan , and we are perceived as backing thugs , then we are just undermining ourselves , " he said .
the latest offering from the colorado consumer health initiative ( cchi ) , which spawned the “brosurance ” campaign to encourage young people to sign up for health insurance through colorado ’ s state-run health insurance exchange , features a young woman who ’ s excited that she ’ s about to bed a bro . ” the ad is part of the “thanks obamacare ! “keg stands are crazy . “flu shots “shotskis keep us happy , ” the ad reads . in one of the most discussed " got insurance ? two ads feature a cardboard ryan gosling and riff off the “hey girl ” meme .
" the fleece vests . it ' s a giveaway . andreessen horowitz , one of the most well-known firms in silicon valley , orders patagonia vests embroidered with the company ' s name for events . japanese retailer uniqlo started selling clothes out of vending machines in airports and malls across the us last year . my boyfriend , who works in venture capital , spots them and says they ' re vcs . jeff berg , ceo and chairman of international creative management ltd. but we have some theories . john p. focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
but it ’ s life , ” mansour wrote . and possible presidential candidate sarah palin mocking top political figures and even her boss ’ s own daughter , bristol palin . “greasy dumb ass with a talent for self-promotion . nikki haley invited him to the rally ) . he wants to become a ‘personality ’ . “i wish they were the cleavers too . in fact , she actually has to pay $ 150 a hour or $ 450 a day to rant on the air … second , ever wonder why there are no sponsors kudo 1080am ’ s 11am-2pm show ?
she told dispatchers that a robbery had happened inside the home , and that her parents had been shot . daejona m. a video of daejona holmes was also located in which she was holding a gun and dancing in her bedroom . detectives obtained a search warrant and when they searched the data from daejona holmes ’ phone , it showed a recent search for “scary movies where kids kill parents , ” according to court records . she will be tried as an adult . both were dead . during the first interview she said her
" kurniawan surfaced in rare wine circles a decade ago and quickly became a fixture at tastings and auctions , known for his passion for burgundy and a talent for sniffing out fakes . " this one is very obvious , " ponsot said . he was also ... kurniawan , wearing an impeccable grey suit , sat expressionless in court , chewing on mints as ponsot spoke . he gave no reaction . please support our site by enabling javascript to view ads . fellow collectors dubbed him “dr . it ' s good justice . the sensational trial began dec.
" ___ 7 : 05 a.m. hurricane irma ' s eyewall has reached the florida keys . the u.s. national hurricane center said in a public advisory that the center of the storm remained offshore but was going to make landfall soon . john huston , who is riding out the storm from his home in key largo in the upper keys , says the wind gusts are strong in his area . stroud says she plans to step outside once the " eye " of the hurricane passes over later sunday . ( ap photo/jay reeves ) ( associated press ) st.
he is on the way to the hospital now. " she had a crazed look in her eye , " said kurt kangas , a friend of chambers who ran to his aid . hayward -- a woman was arrested saturday after allegedly jumping on stage at a music festival and attacking a legendary musician after he dedicated a song to trayvon martin , according to police and eyewitnesses . ” there was a lot of talk , particularly by zimmerman supporters , about how there would be riots if zimmerman was acquitted . i went from 1967-1994 before i saw my first royalty check .
kaepernick filed a grievance against ... kaepernick started a national conversation about political activism by athletes last season when he decided to sit , and then kneel , during the anthem to bring attention to mistreatment of african-americans by police . " • does colin kaepernick have a legit collusion case ? 24 , 2016 photo shows san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick talking during a news conference after an nfl football game against the los angeles rams . under article 17 , section 16( c ) of the cba , termination can arise from only one incident of collusion involving only one player if there is clear and convincing evidence of a violation .
the imf called the saudi plan an story_separator_special_tag saudi arabia ' s cabinet has agreed on a broad-based economic reform plan , known as vision 2030 , revealing how the oil-reliant state plans to diversify its economy over the next 14 years . " almost 10 million foreigners send their money back to their country . “i think by 2020 , if oil stops we can survive , ” he added . “we have developed a case of oil addiction in saudi arabia , ” saudi deputy crown prince mohammad bin salman said in an interview to al arabiya television .
" after the oddities were found , the somerset county sheriff office k-9 apex was called and indicated the presence of suboxone concealed in the drawings , the sheriff said . giles was charged with third-degree possession with intent to distribute a controlled dangerous substance . ( ap ) — a woman is accused of using children ' s drawings to smuggle prescription drugs to her boyfriend in a new jersey jail . she was jailed on $ 20,000 bail . skip ad ad loading ... strip searches are allowed in state prisons . staff writer mike deak : 908-243-6607 ; mdeak@mycentraljersey.com http://mycj.co/2atvnk1 story_separator_special_tag somerville , n.j.
http://hillaryclinton.com/join/ about hillary clinton hillary clinton has served as secretary of state , senator from new york , first lady of the united states , first lady of arkansas , a practicing lawyer and law professor , activist , and volunteer , but the first things her friends and family will tell you is that she ’ s never forgotten where she came from or who she ’ s been fighting for throughout her life . story_separator_special_tag mr. clinton would meet soon with voters in iowa and host a formal kickoff event some time next month .
” hatch uses “attractive ” to describe personalities , not appearances . " when cnn asked what he meant by " attractive , " hatch responded , " in other words , she ' s pleasing . “i don ’ t think she ’ s uncredible . read more you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . hatch spokesman matt whitlock offered a clarification on twitter . ( tom williams/cq roll call ) utah sen. dean dechiaro contributed to this report . orrin g. lisa murkowski , replied , “thus far.
horizon plunges down the biggest rabbit-hole in history in search of the smallest thing in the universe . " my guess is that [ black hole singularities ] are quite a lot smaller than a quark , but i don ' t believe they ' re of infinite density , " parker told livescience . this scale is also thought to be the demarcating line between general relativity and quantum mechanics . yet scientists still have no experimental evidence that string theory is correct . at least , according to the current laws of physics . the planck length superstrings , singularities , and even grains of the universe could all turn out to be about the size of the " planck length .
, police said . after reports spread that the hassanen ' s murder may be under investigation as a hate crime , the fcpd tweeted , " we are not investigating this murder as a hate crime " ; however , gotthardt says that if , as the investigation progresses , the murder does seem to have been motivated by bias , detectives will " exhaust all investigative leads . related : road rage suspected in muslim va. remains believed to belong to the girl were later found in a nearby pond . pic.twitter.com/29ct6xnd7b — phyllis randall ( @prandallcares ) june 19 , 2017
story_separator_special_tag image copyright ap image caption rick perry at trump tower donald trump has picked ex-texas governor rick perry as his energy secretary , a department whose name he famously forgot in a tv debate . story continued below conservatives had favored the former texas governor for the job , viewing him as someone with management experience who would be willing to question the agency ’ s status quo . sorry . oops . during a presidential primary debate on cnbc in 2011 , when then-candidate perry was listing " three agencies of government , when i get there , that are gone , " he was able to name commerce and education but blanked on the third , saying , " what ' s the third one there ?
" instead of pocketing it , budzyn-baker tracked down hemsworth and returned the wallet full of cash . " budzyn-baker then wrote a letter to hemsworth ' s management saying that he found the australian actor ' s wallet , while sneaking in a request for tickets the ellen show for his mom , which hemsworth was due to appear on shortly . honesty really does pay off . wochit even thor needs a hero sometimes . share it in the comments . http://usat.ly/1u6ydv6 story_separator_special_tag music makes for happy holidays even the scrooges will smile at 3 free months of ad-free music with youtube red .
he is charged with negligent homicide in the shooting death of murrain hawkins , 13 , also of baton rouge . , forbes decided to check on his gun and found it was malfunctioning — and while trying to fix it , the gun fired , mckneely said . the shooting took place on tennessee street around 9 : 00 pm . copyright 2015 wafb . all rights reserved . investigators said hawkins was babysitting for forbes at the time . the incident began when 25-year-old adonis forbes was out celebrating an anniversary with his wife . l ’ jean mckneely , a baton rouge police spokesman .
" she is not suing to stay on as dora . lawyers for 14-year-old caitlin sanchez told the has the voice of ' dora the explorer ' been taken for a ride ? " she was well-compensated for her work and for personal appearances , " nickelodeon said in a statement . " the suit , filed in manhattan supreme court on wednesday , names nickelodeon , mtv networks and viacom international as defendants . the daily news early thursday broke the story of sanchez ' s stinging claims against nickelodeon , which she says duped her into inking a " bizarre , impenetrable , unconscionable " contract that left her overworked and underpaid .
" he ' s on the mountain somewhere . steven is a highly respected officer for the lpd and all of us are hopeful he will be located quickly , " police said in a statement . she said it was her husband ' s first solo climb without a guide . “we need him to come home to his wife and family and your help in this effort is both needed and greatly appreciated , ” the cpof ’ s website said . " i ' m really scared . 84th ave. littleton , colo. the high school sweethearts have been together 14 years .
that ’ s been sitting in the patent and trademark office for 35 years . the independent inventor gilbert hyatt is a prime example . ( intc ) co-founder robert noyce invested in hyatt ’ s first company in the 1960s , according to hyatt . i ' m speaking of the ongoing war on inventors . our founding fathers understood that american innovation would lead to american jobs , so they created the u.s. patent system to nurture and protect small inventors . intel corp. the patent-approval process takes 28.3 months on average . their modern-day counterparts are in danger .
" in light of what ' s recently happened , it ' s fairly obvious and that ' s how we took it , " prince george ' s county police chief mark magaw said during a news conference friday . he was described as being 6 feet 7 inches tall and weighing 270 pounds at the time . he was accused of driving a 2001 volkswagen at a speed of 42 miles per hour in a 25-mph zone on crofton parkway and given probation before judgment . police said they instructed him to drop his weapon and come out , which he did , wearing the gun t-shirt .
" denny was a leader in our department and the fire service as a whole , " enterline said . she declined to speak on video because of how emotional the situation is for her . when she did , she saw the row home fully-engulfed in flames , whipping around in the wind . as devoe was making his way to the scene , his car was t-boned at 14th and walnut streets . complete destruction inside . benjamin , however , sees it differently . deaths , injuries , and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the nation more than $ 1 trillion annually .
the damning dossier was based on 300 emails that suggested hacking was widespread and journalists were paying police . he knew how insensitive such research would be , and how bad it would look . the revelation adds to mounting claims of a cover-up by news international bosses , who paid hush money to several high-profile hacking victims . in this letter , dated 29 may 2007 , and sent to jon chapman of news international , lawrence abramson of harbottle &amp; lewis wrote that it had " reviewed e-mails to which you have provided access from the accounts of andy coulson , stuart kuttner , ian edmondson , clive
and more politicians would be bent to mr murdoch ' s will . ) but is it so serious that a top news corp. although there is no evidence that murdoch was aware of the news of the world ’ s illegal behavior , the scandal has shaken his dominant role in the british media establishment and has tarnished his stewardship of an empire that includes such u.s. properties as the fox tv network , the wall street journal , the new york post and the 20th century fox movie studio . executive — perhaps even murdoch himself — could end up being convicted on criminal charges ?
( facebook ) jennifer houle , 22 , was last seen early friday morning at a minneapolis , minn. a prayer vigil was planned for sunday night at houle ’ s old high school in stillwater . “our sister , jen houle is still missing. " police continue to seek help in finding 22-year-old houle , who was reported missing on friday . we have two daughters and one of them is jennifer ' s age and if this were to happen to us , we would be heartbroken . danita brown young , ph.d. , cops said .
and that ’ s good for gingrich , who is a skilled debater . text size - + reset gingrich on immigration gop on tsa racial profiling paul , gingrich spar on security politico 44 not everyone hit that mark . newt has done well in past debates and it has helped him in the polls . and , by and large , he did . we live-blogged the whole thing but also took note of a few of the night ’ s winners and , yes , losers . your browser doesnot support iframes . our thoughts are below .
he is grasping to secure a second-place finish and a slot in a september runoff with roy s. strange , and mr. on monday , news emerged that the president had begun recording robocalls for him , urging alabama gop voters to support him . hurricane jose is expected to make landfall on some caribbean islands saturday , while katia , now a category 2 storm , is threatening to close in on the coast of mexico friday evening . after all , strange , a former d.c. lobbyist , has made a name for himself as a force against corruption .
after an overwrought beginning — during which drops of blood fall to the snow with a crash , and james newton howard ’ s score roars and howls like wagner with a stubbed toe — the movie comes down to earth and springs to life when mr. and that feels right . there is something exciting about how seriously “snow white and the huntsman ” takes its themes . daw ... ( june 4 ) british-born entertainer richard dawson died of esophegeal cancer on sunday . hemsworth shows up . since ms. these dwarfs are industrious , but they don ’ t whistle while they work .
still , that ' s a lot . joining the movement are the american society of news editors and the new england newspaper and press association . ] speaking to reporters ahead of a cabinet meeting , mr. " our words will differ , " pritchard said . " most journalists agree that there ' s a great need for trump rebuttals , " shafer writes . they can also cause war ! we believe a local news organization ' s voice should be independent . -- donald j. story continued below it goes without saying that press bashing , trump-style , is alarming .
" she ’ s doing well and should make a full recovery over the next couple of days – but of course what she really needs is to be in her mother ’ s arms . baby jade was discovered by mr wilday at around 3pm on thursday in stechford park , the west midlands . ’ ’ the little girl was taken to heartlands hospital where staff named her after hero pet jade . roger , from yardley , said : “they took the baby off me and put her straight into the ambulance . get daily updates directly to your inbox + subscribe thank you for subscribing !
“wait wait wait wait wait wait you ’ re telling me to make the vp safe there aren ’ t any weapons around but when it comes to children they want guns everywhere ? 14 shooting at a parkland , fla. ” the nra has evolved into such a hilarious parody of itself . with the exception of the pence event , lawfully carried firearms will be permitted at the convention center and the host hotel , the nra said , advising members to comply with federal , state and local laws . holtzclaw told the washington post in a statement sunday .
a little less than half , or 710 reports , were associated with dopamine receptor agonist drugs . some of the drugs are also prescribed for restless leg syndrome and hyperprolactinemia , a hormonal condition that can trigger milk production . in people with parkinson ' s disease , the brain cells that make dopamine die over time . we used the proportional reporting ratio ( prr ) to compare the proportion of target events to all serious events for the study drugs with a similar proportion for all other drugs . gregory m. howard d. conclusions and relevance our findings confirm
north carolina state archives and state library of north carolinaarchive-it partner since : sep , 2005organization type : state archives &amp; librariesorganization url : http://webarchives.ncdcr.gov the mission of the north carolina office of archives and history is to collect , preserve , and utilize the state ' s historic resources so that present and future residents may better understand their history . learn more story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
but the emaciated polar bear , featured in videos nicklen published to social media on december 5 , was one of the most gut-wrenching sights he ' s ever seen . and it struck a nerve . it ’ s a slow , painful death. " when scientists say bears are going extinct , i want people to realize what it looks like . a starving child being stalked by a vulture during a ruthless famine in sudan . no energy . “we stood there crying — filming with tears rolling down our cheeks , ” he told national geographic .
" story_separator_special_tag congratulations to newlyweds hilary duff and mike comrie ! duff wanted a quiet affair and kept the wedding as small as possible . " they are thankful for all of your warm wishes . a rep for the 22-year-old singer-actress confirms exclusively to ok ! hilary duff rapidly runs errands hilary was escorted down the aisle by her mother susan duff , who was dressed in badgley mischka . photo source : michael loccisano/getty images , people reports . hilary , in a mermaid gown by vera wang , and nhl hockey player mike comrie , 29 , said their “i do ’ s ” in front of a breathtaking sunset and 100 of their closest family and friends .
story_separator_special_tag cause of journalist ’ s death yet to be established , court hears , as murder suspect peter madsen ’ s custody is extended the suspected killer of swedish journalist kim wall will be detained for four more weeks after a copenhagen court heard that 15 stab wounds had been found on her body . he said the computer searched by police was not his . madsen , an entrepreneur , artist , submarine builder and self-taught aerospace engineer , was rescued just before the vessel sank , and arrested . “in my shock i thought it was the right thing to do , ” he told the court .
in his explanations , moghadam applauded rodger ' s writing and commented on the attractiveness of rodger ' s sister . rap genius allows anyone to annotate a snippet to text . in a tweet , which you can see below , ben horowitz of andreessen horowitz — which is a big backer of rap genius — said he has a “conversation ” with lehman , but did not characterize it as pressure . ) after these regularly recurring outburst , moghadam tends to issue an effusive apology . when i first met the cofounders in the fall of 2012 at their williamsburg penthouse , moghadam told me that rap genius planned to make money through advertising and merchandise .
a flood warning was in effect through friday morning for the eastern coast of massachusetts based on a " high confidence " for high winds , storm surge , and moderate to major coastal flooding , the state ' s emergency management agency said . must watch snow wallops the midwest 01 : 11 just watched zoo animals , workers deal with snow replay more videos ... the federal government says its offices in the washington , d.c. amtrak shut down some trains in washington , virginia , west virginia and new york . gov . transportation officials reported particularly nasty conditions on many secondary and some primary routes in 15 central and northern counties , with deep snow or ice covering the pavement .
the handwritten tale , entitled " tallow candle , " and dedicated to a vicar ' s widow named bunkeflod who had lived across from andersen ' s home , had been left seemingly untouched at the bottom of one of the boxes . story_separator_special_tag a danish historian says he has discovered what he believes is a previously unknown fairy tale written by hans christian andersen . i immediately contacted the curator to tell him about my discovery . 12 , 2012. most of the time , it is not . born in odense in 1805 , the son of a shoemaker and a washerwoman concentrated on poetry before his first book of fairy tales was published in 1835.
senate republican leaders unveiled what they called a " discussion draft " of their long-awaited health care bill , a part of the party ' s ongoing efforts to repeal and replace the affordable care act . why those four ? you can unsubscribe at any time . alaska sen. it would rework the individual market so that enrollees get less financial help to purchase less generous health insurance with higher deductibles . as expected , both side voiced bold and passionate reactions to the measure . email sign up by signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from politico .
“it ’ s just a stroke of luck . in the meantime , he wondered about the boat and its crew . he had never heard of the boys , but when the coast guard confirmed his suspicion and asked him to send photos , melvaer was stunned . he wouldn ’ t say whether austin ’ s cellphone was in usable condition . “you kind of think a little bit and try to understand the concept of how big it really is , ” he said . lengthy searches turned up no clues . ___ information from the palm beach post : http://www.palmbeachpost.com
simon told the officer that he was travelling with friends when they left him by the side of the road , according to the sheriff ’ s department . ( ap ) — a fugitive who authorities say evaded capture since 2013 has been arrested after he flagged down a deputy in louisiana . “it ’ s not clear whether he knew he was flagging down a deputy , ” said lpso public information officer brennan matherne . story_separator_special_tag raceland , la . the man suffered a fractured skull . simon was charged with aggravated second-degree battery and two counts of contempt of court .
• greer said " the party was in turmoil " as officials wanted to get rid of him and former gov . greer said some gop leaders were meeting to discuss ways they could suppress black votes while others were constantly scheming against each other . there was a feeling within the party that the tea party was just a bunch of whack-a-dos . john thrasher . eikenberg did not return phone calls . the criminal charges stem from that contract . it had been one of those days , ' ' he said . that is , every republican except for florida ’ s former republican party chairman jim greer , who , scorned by his party and in deep legal trouble , blew the lid off what he claims was a systemic effort to suppress the black vote .
" " it is a very scary time for young men in america , where you can be guilty of something you may not be guilty of , " trump said . 2 ) subscribe for more breaking news : http://smarturl.it/associatedpress website : https://apnews.com twitter : https://twitter.com/ap facebook : https://facebook.com/apnews google+ : https://plus.google.com/1158922418018 ... a third woman , julie swetnick , alleges that she was gang raped at a party that kavanaugh attended . the president ’ s eldest son , donald trump jr. my whole life ( oct.
those pieces were tracked back to the laporte post office and , at the time , mail carrier kristopher block ' s assigned routes . he ' s now facing charges of felony official misconduct and misdemeanor theft . a warrant for his arrest has been issued , but online jail records indicate that block has not yet been taken into custody . " get it while you can ! ” bass says he ' s had things like worker ' s comp checks go missing . indianapolis weather : enjoy patio seating . box . an investigation by the u.s. postal service began when a deputy with the berrien county sheriff ’ s office in michigan found multiple tubs of standard , undelivered mail in a ravine in february 2017.
sheriff bob gualtieri said gomez admitted to killing his mother and said he was upset that she had asked him to put some boxes away . her head was inside one of them . a pinellas county man is accused of decapitating his mother on new year ’ s eve with an ax . read more he was arrested again in march for loitering and prowling . gomez ' s brother , who met officers outside the home , was found unharmed . christian gomez , 23 , flashed a toothy grin while being booked for first-degree murder wednesday after his brother called 911 to report the gruesome scene at the house near tampa around 7 : 20 p.m.
" once we heard of it , we immediately paid . however , a woman whose lawsuit against thomas cook airlines resulted in a victory in austrian court could be an empowering moment for us all . the woman was entitled to compensation under european union regulations , which allows qualified passengers on late or cancelled flights to claim reimbursement depending on the distance and time of delay . officials threatened to impound the thomas cook airlines plane . considering planes are worth tens of millions of dollars , that ruling got the airline ' s attention in a big way , and a rep from condor , thomas cook ' s partner airline , promptly paid up .
employees ' choice award winners for the 2017 highest rated ceos and highest rated ceos at small &amp; medium companies are determined using glassdoor ' s proprietary algorithm , taking into account the quantity , quality and consistency of glassdoor-approved company reviews shared by u.s.-based employees between may 2 , 2016 and may 1 , 2017. mahoney ( 99 percent approval ) 4. learn how to enable cookies . memorial sloan kettering ' s craig b. world wide technology ' s jim kavanaugh ( 99 percent approval ) 3. 65 , 91 percent approval ) .
they also associated louder voices with higher power . “these findings suggest that listeners are quite perceptive to these subtle variations in vocal cues and they use these cues to decide who is in charge , ” says galinsky . more information about the open practices badges can be found at https://osf.io/tvyxz/wiki/view/ and http://pss.sagepub.com/content/25/1/3.full . the students then read a second passage aloud , as if they were leading off negotiations with their imaginary adversary , and their voices were recorded . , content interests ) with our third party partners ( see a current list ) using cookies and similar automatic collection tools in order to a ) personalize content and/or offers on our site or other sites , b ) communicate with you upon request , and/or c ) for additional reasons upon notice and , when applicable , with your consent .
kim , a police official in south korea , was serving as interim president after meng ' s departure from the post and was senior vice president at interpol . russia accused its critics of running a " campaign to discredit " its candidate , calling prokopchuk a respected professional . who is kim jong-yang ? ( kang ... , britain and other european nations . on wednesday , nov. beijing has since confirmed he has been detained and is being investigated for allegedly taking bribes . upon his election , mr kim said : " our world is now facing unprecedented changes which present huge challenges to public security and safety .
what georgia cares about is that splash of blue that is the tennessee river . philip bump story_separator_special_tag georgia senators today passed a resolution calling for the correction of survey areas along the state ’ s northern border in a 48-2 vote , a news release states . the odds are good alabama isn ' t eager to give up its water either . at least not between georgia and tennessee . “yet the state of tennessee has used mismarked boundary lines to block our access to this important waterway. you can share ideas for stories on the open wire .
an airasia jet with 162 people on board disappeared sunday while flying from indonesia ' s second-largest city to singapore on a scheduled two-hour flight . 28 , 2014 in singapore . __ the last communication between the pilot and air traffic control is made at 6 : 13 a.m. we must stay strong . __ malaysian businessman tony fernandes , airasia ' s ceo , tweets : " thank you for all your thoughts and prays . __ a search and rescue operation is launched involving indonesia , singapore and malaysia . ( 2313 gmt saturday ) , when the pilot asks to turn left and climb to 34,000 feet ( 10,360 meters ) to " avoid clouds , " according to djoko murjatmodjo , indonesia ' s acting director general of transportation , who also said there was no distress signal from the cockpit .
medical tests revealed she had dangerously low levels of salt ( sodium ) in her body . " however , they warn that " despite marketing suggesting otherwise , all-natural products are not without side-effects " . they highlight the case of a woman they treated last year who became critically ill after taking herbal remedies and drinking too much water . the 47-year-old needed intensive care at milton keynes hospital . the british dietetic association says the whole idea of detoxing is nonsense . " it sounds predictable , but for the vast majority of people , a sensible diet and regular physical activity really are the only ways to properly maintain and maximise your health .
' ” sally and his costars plan to act as that voice . " the couple separated in may 2014 and have since been involved in a custody battle over a now 8-month-old baby born via surrogate . everybody has their challenges . shepherd ' s lawyer says he ' s surprised the court won ' t review the issue . “she has a lot more money than me , ” sally continued . ” photos : the final countdown ? so you just hang tough and you keep going . i will smile my way through anything .
a lot of very competent people sometimes make errors , and to say that she erroneously did it , i don ’ t have a problem with it . rice includes “code words ” rep. by someone who said , and senator mccain called her incompetent as well . ) and lindsey graham ( r-s.c. clyburn : criticism of amb . we heard them during the campaign . that is something totally different . ’ these kinds of terms that those of us – especially those of us who were born and raised in the south – we ’ ve been hearing these little words and phrases all of our lives and we get insulted by them .
it was just horrible , " he said . robb represented a woman badly burned in a deadly papillion crash at the grand canyon in 2001. the survivors of the crash were rescued during an operation that stretched into the early hours of sunday morning , bradley said . " longtime helicopter crash lawyer gary c. her clothes probably were burnt off , " fujimoto told ksnv . ... looked all bloody . " the ladies were screaming . three other passengers and the pilot were injured . " " it is with extreme sadness we extend our heartfelt sympathy to the families involved in this accident .
and that ’ s a winning map : if clinton wins florida , michigan and new hampshire , she can afford to lose pennsylvania , where she ’ s held a lead even as she ’ s trailed trump in next-door ohio . florida has a 19 percent chance of providing the decisive vote in the electoral college according to our polls-only forecast . some trump supporters said they are taking their cue from the candidate . i don ' t trust it at all . in august he made the extraordinary claim — one he did not back up with any evidence — that the election will be fixed .
the so-called “keep smiling bandit ” earned his nicknamed during the oct. " she says , " california is in a very serious drought . responding to complaints that thousands of gallons of water were emptied out of the eagle rock reservoir and allowed to flow into storm drains during a severe drought , the department of water and power announced today it will work to recapture water that might otherwise be lost during future repair projects . 12 robbery at 234 e. 17th st. on saturday . those are words he uttered in the past too , the fbi said .
obama . romney and 25.6 percent who said it was a draw . the third quarter consists of the party conventions and story_separator_special_tag you only needed to look at the faces of msnbc ’ s pundits or democratic officials in the spin room to know what everyone professionally involved in politics believes — mitt romney won big in this first debate . for much of the debate , it appeared as if obama , the former professor , and not obama , the presidential candidate , was on stage . a similar cbs a cnn poll of debate-watchers found mr.
just watched turkish pm ' s aide kicks a protester replay more videos ... the incident occurred as prime minister recep tayyip erdogan visited the western city of soma a day after the devastating mine fire . the shocking image outraged many in turkey , prompting an outpouring of anger on social media , and is seen as symbolizing the increasingly polarizing impact of erdogan ' s authority on the country . the angry crowds in soma called mr erdogan a murderer and thief and booed strongly . he gave examples of 19th-century mine accidents in britain . pictures of the lost relatives were pinned onto their clothing .
reuters/jed jacobsohn washington the federal aviation administration is failing to ensure that airline pilots maintain their flying skills so they can safely take control of an aircraft from automated systems during an unexpected event , according to a u.s. transportation department report released on monday . only five of 19 airline flight simulator training plans reviewed by investigators specifically mentioned pilot monitoring . file - this aug. three people died and 49 others were seriously injured in the crash . airlines aren ' t required to comply with the rules until 2019 , the report said . studies and accident investigations have raised concern that pilots ' manual flying skills are becoming rusty and that pilots have a hard time staying focused on instrument screens for long periods .
' i said , yes , i was aware of that . " podesta asked . were they in touch with the russians ? peter king ( r-seaford ) called for an investigation into whether and why cia director john brennan leaked information on russian hacking to members of the media . that might have came from my account , " podesta said . " in one of those dnc documents that appeared to me ... the electoral college electors , he said , have the right to know the extent of the trump campaign ' s involvement before they cast their votes monday .
it is believed to be the first airline to offer such a service . india is fifth on that list , which also includes brazil , mexico , russia and saudi arabia . " there are a lot of activists who are taking it on as an issue . " this service is a sincere effort to ensure peace of mind of our women customers . and now another of the nation ’ s carriers has rolled out a women-only service , one that promises to stop female travellers getting boxed in to a middle seat . “women travellers often receive unwanted attention in the form of verbal and physical harassment by individuals or groups of men , ” the uk foreign office warns on its website .
trump ' s popularity among republican voters does not translate to the broader pool of registered voters . the poll has a 3.5 percentage point margin of error . bush and walker run just behind clinton and about even with sanders . advertisement trump holds 18 percent support among republicans in a cnn/orc international poll released sunday morning . the poll of 1,017 adults was conducted between july 22 and 25th , after trump mocked mccain ’ s time as a prisoner of war , drawing condemnation from a broad spectrum of republicans . in another positive sign for trump ' s
" the desantis campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comments on gillum ' s remarks on cnn . in the background are the sounds of drums and monkeys . gillum can be heard talking in the exaggerated accent of a minstrel performer . especially growing up , for them , in the age of donald trump. done made mud huts while white folk waste a bunch of time making their home out of wood an ' stone . in a statement emailed to the washington post , gillum ' s spokesman , geoff burgan said : “this is reprehensible — and could only have come from someone with intentions to fuel hatred and seek publicity .
the atlanta hawks posted it final score on twitter — with the bus edited in to obscure it . that ’ s when things when south for the weather channel . in one , for example , the bus pulls up just as a batter swings at a pitch . sports illustrated tweeted a film clip titled , “today ’ s georgia dome implosion isn ’ t the first time the marta bus had terrible timing , ” in which video of the bus gliding in front of cameras was spliced with shots of various sports . learn more
albakr was suspected of plotting a terrorist attack , officials said . demmer said that the man had made a crucial contribution to the capture of the suspect , and added that the chancellor wanted to also express her gratitude to police “for the heavy responsibility they carry , ” the süddeutsche zeitung reports . had filed for asylum in december 2015 and was granted refugee status in march this year . " we ' re spent but overjoyed : the terror suspect albakr was arrested overnight in leipzig , " police said on twitter on monday . , was formally taken into custody sunday , a day after being detained , as a suspected co-conspirator .
he asked a second time , and she whispered that she was 17. " at the hospital : ' we were ready ' dr. wilford , the focus has been on recovery . the gutsy , split-second call probably saved her life . " i looked at her , i gave her a sternal rub , and i said , ' hey , how old are you? story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) as they sped away from the shooting scene at marjory stoneman douglas high school , the first responder was skeptical . read more but for ms.
that is our commitment . the company modifies its rules and says it will add more staff to vet flagged tweets , after an outcry in britain over tweeted rape and bomb threats to female journalists and a member of parliament . " we want people to feel safe on twitter , and we want the twitter rules to send a clear message to anyone who thought that such behaviour was , or could ever be , acceptable , " they wrote . ( photo : twitter ) story highlights twitter updates policy on abuse following backlash in u.k. twitter is introducing " in-tweet " report abuse button more than 125,000 signed a petition for a zero tolerance policy on abuse twitter announced plans to crack down on abusive behavior in response to recent online threats against women in the united kingdom .
the warrenton controllers communicated the plan to the controller tower at national . as a result , an incoming flight that had been cleared to land was flying head-on at two planes that had just taken off . they didn ’ t use call signs [ at national ] . “are you with me ? the washington post is reporting ( http://wapo.st/m4sgoo ) that three us airways jets carrying 192 passengers and crew members came within seconds of a midair collision on tuesday afternoon . the safety of our customers and employees is always our top priority .
he was 34. that ' s what lrg was all about . according to the company ' s facebook page , bevacqua and his business partner , robert wright , founded lifted research group , known to patrons as lrg , with start-up capital raised in part from friends of bevacqua ' s adoptive father . he added that the county coroner would conduct an autopsy wednesday . " " jonas was a star who burned brightly in the sky and who is gone too soon , " the statement read . &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ; &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ; &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; p&amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; your browser does not support iframes.&amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; / p&amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; the cause of death for the well-known urban-style clothing designer has not yet been determined , supervising deputy coroner kelly keyes said .
a reporter from libertarian rag reason interviewed notorious massachusetts liberal actor matt damon at this year ' s save our schools march and she tried to throw some business at him about teacher tenure and ayn randy incentive stuff and he wasn ' t having it . last week , the costars attended the russian premiere of their " no-mantic comedy " . watch : currently , the sexy duo are in london promoting the hit summer flick . watch as damon , a multi , multi millionaire , somehow comes across as in-touch with the needs of the working teacher .
she was 39. “the davis family is brokenhearted over the devastating loss of deven davis , ” the family said in a statement to people . deven was a former porn star who married jonathan in 2004. jonathan alleged in the docs deven was deep into drugs -- something she had struggled with for more than 20 years . and there ' s this ... jonathan says he found a heroin pipe and cocaine floating in the toilet bowl and found deven passed out on the floor upstairs . tmz has learned . they welcomed their first child together , pirate in 2005.
romney and mr. dressed in white tie at a glittering dinner in midtown manhattan , the two men delivered speeches at the alfred e. romney said : “i heard from the federal election commission : from now on , whenever he appears on tv , there ’ s a recording of me afterward that says , ‘i ’ m mitt romney and i approve this message. ( watch some highlights below. get big laughs . biden jr. the republican nominee began his roast by making light of his stiff persona . a very impressive fellow , but he may be getting a little ahead of himself .
they were allegedly squatting in it when they were arrested . he later apologized and was released , with the requirement to check in every two weeks . in a photo provided by the vermont state police , actor randy quaid stands in the vermont state police barracks in st. carter said quaid and his wife also face felony charges for failing to appear at a november 2010 court story_separator_special_tag highgate , vt. 9 , 2015. 14. , friday , oct. evi quaid ' s father was born in canada , and she was granted canadian citizenship in 2012.
it ' s akin to hurricane andrew in 1992 where everything was leveled . nelson said there are not enough resources -- story_separator_special_tag hurricane michael is no more . city manager tanya castro said mexico beach won ' t be up and running for 12 to 18 months . ( associated press ) matthew washington carries out items he salvaged from the damaged thai restaurant he owns with his wife in the aftermath of hurricane michael in callaway , fla. emergency officials said they have received thousands of calls asking about missing people . were you affected by hurricane michael ?
read the press release mayors against illegal guns releases new psa demanding action from congress mayors against illegal guns has released a psa featuring 30 mayors demanding that congress take immediate action to prevent gun violence . schoen llc showed likely voters in a wide range of states and congressional districts overwhelmingly support background checks for all gun sales . crawl of outlinks from wikipedia.org started march , 2016. these files are currently not publicly accessible . turned off duplicate detection . properties of this collection . today ’ s rally marked the bus tour ’ s return to washington , d.c.
it ’ s on . " there is also the question of whether chicago ' s tax comports with the internet tax freedom act . that law , amended in 2014 to ban " discriminatory " online taxes , could prevent chicago from taxing netflix ' s streaming service but not its original video-by-mail service . 1 to help companies prepare for it . " no aldermen voted on this tax . the lawsuit , which you can read for yourself below , also comes as more states and cities are looking to tax the cloud to make up story_separator_special_tag streaming-media customers in chicago filed a lawsuit last week that could have major implications for how cities and states tax internet services .
in 2013 , the met hosted the exhibit " balthus : cats and girls — paintings and provocations , " which included more of balthus ' overtly pedophilic work . museum of modern art . when i went to the metropolitan museum of art this past weekend , i was shocked to see a painting that depicts a young girl in a sexually suggestive pose . she is at home in her youth . pierre matisse gallery . new york . his interest , if not lust , didn ’ t stir before his subjects ’ pubescence , they are a renowned institution and one of the largest , most respected art museums in the united states .
based in springvale , in melbourne ' s south-east , associates of al-furqan were the targets of terrorism raids by victoria police and the australian federal police in 2012. the two officers then went out to meet haider and the altercation occurred . asked about reports that the man had also threatened prime minister tony abbott , colvin said the man had not made any " specific threats . a suspected terrorist was shot dead ... 24 , 2014. " i want to reinforce to everybody that police , as we did last week , take early action to disrupt and intervene when we need to .
his father , robbin kramer , said his son told him monday that " he was at the grand canyon and he needed to be back with mother earth and set his soul free . drake kramer missing for sixth day of searching photo : courtesy photo image 1 of / 1 caption close image 1 of 1 drake l. " if anyone along the way saw him , heard anything , any information would be great . 2 , 2015. kramer is described as 5 ’ 7 , 140 pounds , brown hair and blue eyes .
titus was diagnosed with epilepsy.they thought it was as bad as it could get for their young boy , but they were wrong . in this you give that individual a chance to live authentically in who i ( god ) have created them to be. most children with late infantile ncl batten disease cln6 die between the ages of 6 and 12. they had him tested and waited for the results . the grays sought counsel and support from a core group of hollywood friends , and together they formed a plan to fight back . then , something changed .
mesa county sheriff ' s sgt . he credited rynerson ' s wife for returning her husband to custody . the grand junction daily sentinel reports james rynerson was in custody late last month at the mesa county jail on a $ 2,000 cash bond while awaiting prosecution on menacing , disorderly conduct and trespass charges . henry stoffel said wednesday that jail employees broke procedure when they failed to check rynerson ' s wristband and picture , and that an investigation is ongoing to determine whether jail policy around the housing list needs to be updated . get digital access
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . the girl was last said to be in critical condition . it ' s lighter than air and spreads quickly . the mother of the two children was not home at the time of the incident , but police have notified her . alertme carbon monoxide is a colorless , odorless and tasteless gas . the three were found by a family member , who called 911. in high concentrations , carbon monoxide can be deadly in less than five minutes .
americans spent nearly $ 1.5 billion for a chance to hit the jackpot , which amounts to a $ 462 million lump sum and around $ 347 million after federal tax withholding . the maryland lottery announced earlier its winner was from baltimore county . no details have been released on the winning ticket in kansas . " we ' re due and excited . the mega ... louis . , near st. , friday , march 30 , 2012. the store that sold the ticket was a mob scene early saturday , with national press and curious onlookers gathered in the parking lot .
” cnn has no plans to reboot parts unknown with a different host , but entelis and her team are working on developing new unscripted series to fill in the gap that bourdain and his award-winning show left behind . “they will have the full presence of tony because you ’ ll see him , you ’ ll hear him , you ’ ll watch him . “what tony did was inimitable , ” entelis remarks . the kenya episode , which chronicles a trip bourdain took with fellow cnn star w. • cnn will say goodbye to anthony bourdain with a final season this fall [ la times ] • all anthony bourdain coverage [ e ]
the government is coming and it wants to be your friend , it wants to show you how to be a snitch inform upon your children , the inevitable end , is everyone ' s a victim but the filthy fucking rich , and religion , like the monster that it is ... 26. motörhead would record 22 studio albums in all . he never married . we play rock and roll ! have a drink or few . the band wrote that lemmy died at home surrounded by family , while he was sitting in front of his favourite video game .
the police department said that one of the officers is familiar with mcgrier and that “the situation escalated ” after mcgrier refused to give officers identification . ! " the man yells on a baltimore sidewalk . a pattern of abuse or a pattern of lies ? story_separator_special_tag ... you can help prevent auto theft . this remains an active criminal investigation . interim commissioner tuggle has accepted his resignation . i have zero tolerance for behavior like i witnessed on the video today . [ dozens claim a chicago detective beat them into confessions . no matter how cold it is outside , never leave your vehicle unattende
henson grabbed his chin to say “the universe has a way of taking care of the good people ” as she was waxing on about blige while baby driver ’ s eiza gonzalez told seacrest to “be good ” at the end of her interview . nominees allison janney and mary j. ryan seacrest began e ! also read : oscars : adam rippon ' s bondage tux story_separator_special_tag taraji p. host wasn ’ t left holding the mic . spokesperson . after variety recently published a report detailing ex-e ! you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
, ” rubio said . ” describing the arc of his campaign for his minnesota supporters , rubio said he endured an “unprecedented ” amount of attack ads from the super pac supporting former florida gov . he didn ’ t endorse either texas sen. jeb bush . “we ’ re always joking the last 24 hours at home that we need to move to minnesota with a winter home in puerto rico and work in d.c. john kasich , the two other remaining candidates . ted cruz could be the best option for conservatives .
he ’ s the author of bearing right . for three days last week , rush limbaugh ridiculed sandra fluke , a georgetown university law student who had argued that health insurers should be required to cover contraception . fox ' s support for a missouri stem cell research bill by warning against the evils of human cloning and human egg harvesting for profit . advertisement but that doesn ’ t square with what limbaugh said during his flukefest . 2. how much sex is too much ? she also encouraged her “tweatons ” to lob at ms.
the purge of jang reflected the longstanding suspicion and apprehension of the north korean regime towards china , which dates back to the time of kim il sung , north korea ' s founder . this is called " quan jue " , or execution by dogs . first , china ' s own security is at risk . recent developments have posed a number of issues for china . then 120 hounds , starved for three days , were allowed to prey on them until they were completely eaten up . pyongyang also resents beijing establishing ties with seoul , which it sees as an act of betrayal .
in a facebook post free of labels like “gay , ” “bisexual , ” or “lesbian , ” melton calls wambach “deeply sensitive ” and “unwaveringly good , ” and adds that her children feel pretty much the same way . precious world , i barely know who glennon doyle melton is , but i ’ m glad she ’ s happy . maybe ? thank you for being my home @abbywambach . images via getty/flatiron books . 14 after melton announced they were dating . why not . every bit of it .
according to several sources , kenny g ' s uncle was the first investor in starbucks . story_separator_special_tag frappuccino type blended coffee drink manufacturer starbucks country of origin united states region of origin massachusetts[ 1 ] introduced 1995 color various , generally brown or white related products iced coffee , milkshake frappuccino is a trademarked brand of the starbucks corporation for a line of iced , blended coffee drinks . please select whole bean and grind as needed if you are preparing espresso . meet this guy howard schultz . maybe . so i ’ d like to think that i ’ m partially responsible for that.
you must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters message : * a friend wanted you to see this item from wral.com : http://wr.al/uimg — one paratrooper was killed and seven others were injured friday morning in a training accident at fort bragg , officials said . it is under investigation by the 82nd airborne division , the army criminal investigative division and the army combat readiness/safety center .. “we are diligently working to provide soldiers and their families the support and care during this difficult time . stephen smith said in a statement .
jpmorgan chase ceo jamie dimon will speak to shareholders ... protesters were there as well , including some who threw eggs at a poster with dimon ' s picture on it . ( associated press ) an employee checks in outside the gate of jpmorgan chase annual stockholders meeting held tuesday , may 15 , 2012 , in tampa , fla. dimon said he did not expect the trading loss to jeopardize jpmorgan ' s quarterly stock dividend , which is 30 cents per share . " i can ' t help wondering if you are listening . rev .
" our air force expects better . " this incident was unacceptable . us troops , civilians killed in suicide attack in syria play video story_separator_special_tag denver -- nearly 30 air force academy cadets required medical care , with six of them hospitalized , after an annual tradition to mark the first snowfall of the season turned into an out-of-control melee , officials said wednesday . reuters contributed to this report . “there is no way we can condone or defend this. gen. " a relatively small number of cadets chose to take part in this unsafe activity , " brig .
eu leaders , ... but ukraine military spokesman andriy lysenko told journalists in kiev that russian tanks had entered the small ukrainian town of novosvitlivka on the border with russia and fired on every house . ukrainian president petro poroshenko said his country was " close to a point of no return - full scale-war " . eu foreign policy chief catherine ashton accused russia of " direct aggression " in eastern ukraine . " however , because several eu nations fear the fallout of sanctions on their own economies , it wasn ' t immediately clear whether the required unanimity would be reached for immediate punitive measures , or whether the leaders would set russia another ultimatum .
" michael keefe , fire chief of the foster city fire department , john mapes , foster city fire department investigator and robert foucrault , san mateo coroner , attend a press conference to discuss last saturday ' s deadly limousine fire at the chp headquarters in redwood city , calif. " i knew it wasn ' t a good scene . " there were just so many flames . he checked his gps . driver orville " ricky " brown thought arrellano was asking if she could smoke a cigarette in the limo . stop the car !
he then would kill the school ' s liaison police officer and shoot as many students as possible before dying at the hands of police marksmen , markeson said . " turns out he was making bombs instead , " she said . ladue was charged thursday with four counts of attempted first-degree murder , two counts of first-degree damage to property and six counts of possession of a bomb by someone under 18. there were tears today. “everybody in town feels sick to their stomach . scared . while the blaze burned , he intended to go to waseca junior &amp; senior high school , which he attended , and set off pressure-cooker bombs and other explosive devices in the cafeteria .
a lot of it . " pelosi sought " a new america that declares our energy independence , promotes domestic sources of renewable energy , and combats climate change . the ashes remind us that life in all its forms is fragile – our time on this earth , fleeting . and when john boehner took the podium to be sworn in as speaker of the house of representatives , it swelled back up , and stayed there . a government that respects individual liberty , honors our heritage , and bows before the public it serves . we will dispense
he knows he needs help and was receptive . shookus is believed to be in la for work — making it all the more strange that she wasn ’ t seen out and about with affleck . the oscar winner was spotted with playboy ’ s miss may 2018 shauna sexton , at posh eatery nobu malibu on thursday night . jennifer went to ben ' s pacific palisades home wednesday afternoon to sit down with her estranged husband , begging him to get help . 8/22 7 : 20 pm pt -- we ' ve learned ben has arrived at a live-in rehab facility and will check in for an extended period of time .
" it was intended to be tongue-in-cheek , although obviously i was a little annoyed by him , as you can see with that thousand dollar itemized ' unappreciative ' comment , " she told today . and then he immediately shared his mom ’ s note on reddit . ” chalipo , who also courtesy chalipo there were the typical charges for internet , cable and gas . that ’ s why neither she nor her son wanted their real names used . only time will tell . hell hath no fury like the mother of an entitled , lazy , narcissistic millennial .
south korea ... patients often visit small hospitals to get a referral to a bigger hospital . visitors wear mask as a precaution against the mers , middle east respiratory syndrome , virus as they arrive at incheon international airport in incheon . mary ’ s , in pyeongtaek , 37 miles south story_separator_special_tag seoul , south korea ( ap ) — south korea believes its mers virus outbreak may have peaked , and experts say the next several days will be critical to determining whether the government ' s belated efforts have successfully stymied a disease that has killed seven people and infected nearly 100 in the country .
and as she was presented with the 2010 daytime emmys lifetime achievement award , all my children actress susan lucci called her the " queen of modern daytime drama . on “one life to live , ” which began in 1968 and ran for 43 years , ms. and it paid off — thousands of women wrote in to thank her for letting them know the importance of such a test . her son bob nixon told the associated press that she died at a physical rehabilitation facility in haverford , pa. " i wasn ' t trying to change the genre , i was just
in disaster areas , operation blue roof is a program for homeowners who have damage to their roofs . at least some people were paying attention to the original tweet , however , as one twitter user pointed out that the number was wrong before the tweet was pulled : we ’ ve reached out to the u.s. army corps of engineers as well as fema , and will update this post if we hear back . the program also protects property while homeowners recover from the storm . not all roof types qualify for the program ( see eligibility below ) .
labrie was convicted last october of sexual assault , endangering the welfare of a child and prohibited use of a computer and released on $ 15,000 bail while he appealed on the conditions that he live at his mother ’ s tunbridge , vermont , home and abide by a 5 p.m. to 8 a.m. curfew . paul ' s school in concord . develioping ... owen labrie , the former st. he added that he ’ s not 100 percent sure that labrie will now comply , thus the need for monitoring.“to paraphrase another person , trust but verify , ” the judge said.labrie appeared at a merrimack county superior court hearing in an orange prison jumpsuit with his ankles shackled .
robin williams widow and kids bitter fight over property robin williams -- widow and kids in bitter fight over property exclusive details ' widow is fighting his 3 children over property the kids say is clearly theirs ... privately . williams ’ s bicycles to his collections of fossils and toys — as tangible , deeply personal reminders of the irrepressible , manic imagination that drove his performances as a comedian and actor . " sources connected with the children say susan can absolutely keep the items she accumulated with robin while they were married , but they say she has gone way further .
supporters of the new law say that employees who are expected to check and reply to their work emails out of hours are not being paid fairly for their overtime , and that the practice carries a risk of stress , burnout , sleep problems and relationship difficulties . a u.s. study , “exhausted but unable to disconnect , � ? colorado state university prof. technology offers them . world news in pictures 50 show all world news in pictures 1/50 16 march 2018 russian president vladimir putin visits the almazov national medical research centre in saint petersburg .
the plaintiffs claimed that three versions of the song " somebody to love " recorded by bieber , usher or both shared the beat pattern , time signature , and similar chords and lyrics with their song with the same name . singers justin bieber and usher ( r ) pose together after performing on nbc ' s ' ' today ' ' show in new york in this november 23 , 2011 , file photo . 14-1427. defense lawyers did not immediately respond to requests for comment . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites .
burwitz , who was sometimes called a “nazi princess ” by supporters and detractors alike , remained unrepentant and loyal to her father to the end . heinrich himmler was in adolf hitler ' s elite circle . burwitz had worked for two years in west germany ’ s foreign intelligence agency . 1 of 60 full we saw everything we could . it was very nice. marvelous . she was 88. mrs. german tabloid bild reported on her post-war involvement with the bnd on friday , following her death in munich last month . millions of people — primarily jews but also roma ( or gypsies ) , homosexuals , disabled people and others — would perish in the holocaust .
government officials contended that the law authorized surveillance of foreign nationals outside the united states — not of americans — and that it included robust safeguards to protect americans ' privacy . ” “in carrying out its signals intelligence mission , n.s.a . asked to comment , judith a. it is also casting a far wider net for people who cite information linked to those foreigners , like a little used e-mail address , according to a senior intelligence official . the procedures are complex , but at least some of their flaws are clear . collects only what it is explicitly authorized to collect , ” she said .
, a. measuring the planet ’ s mass — and hence its density , which is a clue to its composition — is more difficult . " [ the strangest alien planets ( gallery ) ] studying a lava world kepler-78b , whose discovery was announced last month , orbits a sunlike star in the constellation cygnus , about 400 light-years from earth . and e.m. observations with harps-n were carried out by a.c.c. szentgyorgyi and c.a.w . credit : david a. 6 ) . the planet was found by nasa ' s prolific kepler space telescope , which has spotted nearly 3,600 potential exoplanets since its march 2009
daniel mansfield , of the university ’ s now , a fresh look at a 3700-year-old clay tablet suggests that babylonian mathematicians not only developed the first trig table , beating the greeks to the punch by more than 1000 years , but that they also figured out an entirely new way to look at the subject . you can do it with just ratios . intrigued , he teamed up with unsw mathematician norman wildberger to study it . one that ' s really just passed on ratios . ’ ” mansfield says . “it took me 2 years of looking at this [ tablet ] and saying ‘i ’ m sure it ’ s trig , i ’ m sure it ’ s trig , but how?
nayarit ' s attorney general oscar herrera told a radio station that preliminary reports indicated the two gangs involved in the fierce highway battle were the sinaloa and the zetas drug cartels . view full image european pressphoto agency a handout photograph made available by quadratin shows several vehicles after been set on fire during fighting between mexican armed groups in tierra caliente , michoacán . three federal police were injured . " mr. hundreds have fled their homes looking for a safer place . and it could be the realization that they need to get together on this and deal with it , or else .
it is thought that lubitz deliberately crashed the plane because he was deeply depressed and was being treated for vision problems that could have ended his flying career . peter ' s square in a palm ... identification experts were using dental records , dna samples from family members , fingerprints , jewellery and bits of id card to help the process . pope francis has walked solemnly through st. " capt . " for god ' s sake , open the door ! the reports came as a transcript “we haven ’ t found a single body intact , ” said patrick touron , the deputy director of the police ’ s criminal research institute .
islamic state leader abu abu bakr al-baghdadi calls himself a " caliph " or head of state and has demanded the loyalty of all muslims . the group fell out with zawahri in 2013 over its expansion into syria , where baghdadi ' s followers have carried out beheadings , crucifixions , and mass executions . dubai al qaeda leader ayman al zawahri on wednesday announced the formation of an indian branch of his militant group he said would spread islamic rule and " raise the flag of jihad " across the subcontinent . founded by osama bin laden , who was killed in pakistan by us commandos in may 2011 , al-qaeda has long claimed leadership of the self-declared jihadists fighting to restore a single caliphate in muslim lands .
" but that wasn ' t exactly true , at least not until four months later , when six flags published an updated riders ' guide explicitly stating that riders " must have one full arm " to ride aquaman . bench considerable embarrassment , as his children had never seen anybody discriminate against him due to his lack of natural hands . bench is asking for unspecified damages for suffering and mental anguish . also on huffpost : disabled man clint bench sues six flags disabled man clint bench sues six flags 1 of 4 disabled man clint bench sues six flags share this slide : mccathern , pllc
ms. choi . ko young-tae ' s office , located in the building on the right , is next to choi soon-sil ' s residence in the other building . ko also was said to have an advance copy of ms. park as a criminal accomplice , a first for a south korean president . ko has become ko had apparently videotaped ms. ” mr. choi became upset when she found the dog alone at his home . no details about the interrogation are available . image copyright getty images image caption mr ko has been the object of public fascination since the scandal blew up " my friend asked me to bring some new items ( to a designated place ) , so i did .
he ’ s faceless. " it is great to be back home again in indiana , " said mike pence in the stentorian voice honed during a seven-year career in talk radio , where he described himself as " rush limbaugh on decaf . 5 release — plus millions of e-copies . story_separator_special_tag the old-fashioned quality of vice president mike pence ’ s relationship with wife karen has made their marriage something of an obsession . ” “he calls her mother ? 1 on amazon ’ s bestseller ’ s list within hours . we are a proud manufacturing state .
bush and his wife , barbara , hospitalized in houston president obama : ' they are as fine a couple as we know ' former president george h.w . keep clicking to see more images . he spent christmas 2012 in intensive care for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues . 04/05/1964 - dorothy bush , 4 , shows her support for her father , george bush , who is a republican candidate for the u.s. senate , at a rally near richmond , texas . george h. the procedure required sedation . despite the loss of mobility , he celebrated his 90th birthday by making a tandem parachute jump in kennebunkport .
the university ' s description of the survey begins , " president barack obama is the worst president since world war ii , 33 percent of american voters say . democrats approve 79 - 13 percent . men say 43 - 36 percent that obama is worse than bush while women say 42 - 38 percent he is better . you can see how july 2006 july 2014 george w. this isn ' t new ; a post poll found the same thing last year . but as with so much else , the more interesting details lie underneath the exciting headlines .
" it was really hot and heavy for a while , " says a source close to the casual couple , adding that lovato didn ' t know for sure that phillippe was going to be a father again " until it basically happened . news , has been consuming most of her attention in the last few weeks . ryan phillippe ! lovato ' s past loves include wilmer valderrama , joe jonas and trace cyrus . " ( originally published july 18 , 2011 at 11 : 18 a.m. pt ) watch : demi lovato opens up about addictions story_separator_special_tag is demi lovato , 18 , hooking up with ryan phillippe , 36 ?
to him , it ' s clearly more than that , though . meet the directors : allen and albert hughes open up getting biblical : hollywood gets religion trailer : get a read on ' the book of eli ' faith and reason blog : is every scripture-inspired script worthwhile ? pictures existing in a demolished world , eli ( denzel washington ) keeps to himself . it seems that too much cannibalism leaves you with the shakes . it ' s a totem of sorts , and he guards it with his life . 3. sherlock holmes robert downey jr is a kick-ass super sleuth and jude law a terrific watson in guy ritchie ' s spectacular reboot of the victorian detective series .
" couple killed in fort worth neighborhood a couple was found shot to death inside a south fort worth home early sunday morning . police are still investigating the double murder in the 800 block of buffalo springs drive . police had initially detained another man for questioning in the case but he was not arrested . milner said the victims were longtime residents . copyright 2016 wfaa starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . nbc 5 ' s chris jose contributed to this report . ( published tuesday , oct.
i said , ' look , can you blame a good-looking guy for wanting to , you know … ” " you know what , listen : bottom line is , you know , i didn ’ t go to harvard , you know , i went to the school of hard knocks , and i did whatever i had to do to pay for school , " brown cut in . and not being in shape . sen. scott brown ( r-mass. " thank god ! " the host asked brown wednesday . ) and leading democratic challenger elizabeth warren scrapped thursday over a nude photo shoot brown participated in decades ago , with brown thanking god that warren never took any such photos .
jacob will be dressed in his superhero costume. 28 at townville elementary school . “i don ’ t want suits and ties and all that , ” hall said . ( associated press ) zowie sanders , gives a fist bump to john suber , left , of greenville , dressed as superman , with her sister lindsey sanders , center , and their mother brooke starks , right , of townville , during a wake service for jacob hall at oakdale baptist church in townville , s.c. the teenage mutant ninja turtles were his favorite heroes .
and now we hear 200,000 and it could very well be isis. he was a buffoon , a disseminator of ludicrous rumors about president obama ’ s birthplace . the huffington post , you may recall , announced that it would feature him in its entertainment section , not in its coverage of politics . we don ’ t know where they ’ re coming from . trump has distinguished himself as fastest to dive to the bottom . all of them such people are dangerous . our assessment of mr. we want to go with watch lists .
“be your way. the mega-chain announced a new happy meal character on monday , a friendly face named “happy ” meant to serve “as an ambassador for balanced and wholesome eating , ” according to mcdonald ’ s . new york ( ap ) — burger king is scrapping its 40-year-old " have it your way " slogan in favor of the more personal " be your way . well ! – the best food for fast times . or you could combine all three into : “mas live lovin ’ your story_separator_special_tag something weird is happening to the country ’ s premier purveyors of mass-produced hamburger-like substances .
police are also trying to determine whether dorner left his burning car on the side of big bear mountain and earlier dropped his badge in san diego as diversionary tactics to distract police . dorner is believed to have penned a long , angry manifesto on facebook saying that he was unfairly fired from the force and was now seeking vengeance . photos : a tense manhunt amid tragic deaths " we ' re all just stressed , " said andrea burtons as she stocked up on provisions at a convenience store . alleged cop-killer christopher dorner has vanished .
similar stories on grindtv rare image shows great white shark losing tooth during airborne attack on seal whale shark about to eat diver , or so it appears scientists off delaware catch shark within a shark follow grindtv on google+ story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . “when you ’ re dealing with a wild animal like this anything can happen , ” rob townsend of sealife sanctuary and aquarium told 7news sydney . marine experts off sydney , australia , made a daring , first-of-its-kind rescue to save a grey nurse shark being choked to death by an elastic cord that somehow got wrapped around its gills and was acting like a noose .
ike iwasaki “before i was inducted in service i was at home here , i never socialized much , so when i was inducted in service and exposed to other people it was a challenge . we were allowed to leave the compound for field trips . tuesday , president obama signs a bill authorizing a prestigious award for some of the nation ’ s nisei veterans . past honorees of the congressional gold medal include the wright brothers , rosa parks , navajo code talkers , the tuskegee airmen and the dalai lama . april baer reports .
but testing in the area revealed 1,000 bodies , believed to have been patients at the mississippi state lunatic asylum a century ago . " james roncki of tennessee valley archaeological research measures the length of a coffin on university of mississippi medical center property story_separator_special_tag close up to 7,000 bodies are buried on 20 acres of the university of mississippi medical center campus . “we want to show them care and respectful management. dr. paying for reburials elsewhere would cost about $ 3,000 a piece , or $ 3 million total , he said . others plans may have to change , too .
he said : “it was around 45-50 degrees outside and we were on a stag do in vegas . it ’ s a hell of a sight to see the dam from underneath. ’ " for the duration of the swim , hughes kept his trainers on . i got to the bottom and thought ‘i can make that ’ . boy ! ” in the last 10 years , 275 people have died at the site and no one had previously survived swimming across its breadth . “i did it with my shoes on .
- a 14-year-old boy was arrested wednesday in connection with a school threat that was reported by new england patriots wide receiver julian edelman , police said . he is being held in the macomb county juvenile justice center . “with the emotions of what happened , and i have a kid now , i said , holy toledo , what is going on ? , in which 17 people were killed . ” edelman said in an interview this week . story_separator_special_tag port huron , mich. police said they also found two rifles , which belong to the boy ' s grandfather , at the home .
coffee chain starbucks is moving its bottled-water operation out of california amid the historic drought , the company said in a statement . its residents face steep water cuts in their homes , and surface water for the region ’ s many farms is drying up . matt damon starred in an ad campaign , and starbucks partnered with a company that drives celebrities to the oscars and filled the cars with ethos bottles , “so leonardo dicaprio and cameron diaz walked into the awards carrying ethos water , ” as ethos cofounder peter thum explained . starbucks gets its spring water free of charge — in california , water companies typically don ’ t have to pay for the groundwater they use .
skin cancer is the most common cancer . overall , the lifetime risk of getting melanoma is about 1 in 40 for whites , 1 in 1,000 for blacks , and 1 in 200 for hispanics . previous studies on a smaller scale have attempted to identify mole count on certain body sites as a proxy to accurately estimate the number on the body as a whole and found that the arm was the most predictive . [ 5 things you must but it causes most skin cancer deaths . but each person ’ s risk is also affected by other factors .
the companies , according to court documents and a source , were established by mandela ’ s former lawyer , ismail ayob . file photo : reuters reuters in their application before the johannesburg high court on monday , the pair argued that bizos and chuene were not properly appointed and should thus be removed . we don ’ t hijack things . " all three _ bizos , chuene and sexwale _ were invited to resign as directors , which invitation they declined . nelson mandela . their main purpose was to channel “proceeds of madiba ’ s handprints ” into the accounts of the companies for mandela and his children ’ s benefit .
usa today sports aly raisman says she , too , was abused by usa gymnastics team doctor larry nassar . as of oct. " nassar already faces 22 counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct and could receive a sentence of life in prison . 3 , the university ' s outside law firms have billed it for $ 4.1 million , a figure that will grow significantly as it does not include work performed by its most expensive law firm after june . “i am angry . 14. " she said . " now 23 , raisman told " 60 minutes " that she started seeing nassar when she was 15.
mary anne forster was attacked by a koala while walking her dogs . “obviously the koala felt very threatened because it attached itself with its mouth , jaws , to my leg and bit very hard , bit very deeply , ” she said . but despite her injuries , she says she doesn ’ t blame the animal for the brutal attack . environmental experts have warned people to keep their distance if they spot a koala out in the wild . " it should also be remembered that koalas are capable of defending themselves . photo : 7news .
newly released court documents from the bail hearing for huawei cfo meng wanzhou offer a closer look at the executive ’ s connection to vancouver and her possible coming legal defence . she also noted that she owns two homes in vancouver worth millions of dollars each . picture taken october 2 , 2014. meng was arrested in vancouver on dec. chinese vice foreign minister le yucheng told u.s. ambassador terry branstad the 1 in vancouver at the request of the united states . the submission highlights a specific date upon which fraud is alleged to have occurred , sept.
" we realize gary simpson is carlie trent ' s uncle by marriage , but we have specific , we have credible information that carlie trent is in imminent danger of serious bodily harm or death . an east and middle tennessee amber alert remains in effect since the rogersville , tenn. share this : twitter facebook linkedin google email like this : like loading ... ” daniels said carlie reminds him of his two daughters , ages 10 and 6 , and reminds williams of his grandchildren . " " i don ' t think he ' s trying to protect her .
the court ' s intervention was a victory for texas republicans , who had drawn the districts . breyer , sonia sotomayor and elena kagan — signaled their unhappiness by noting they would not have agreed to texas ' s request . texas attorney general ken paxton ( r ) called the rulings " outrageous " and " astonishing . holder . website captures began in 2016 and are ongoing . the collection ’ s principal themes are hiv treatment , hiv prevention , biomedical research on hiv/aids , clinical care for hiv patients , living with hiv , and social-cultural responses to hiv/aids .
once stop confirmed that the device was non-explosive , custody of morley was returned to the topsfield police . other items included a bucket with aluminum foil and steel containers with concealment cutouts . he is accused of assaulting his mother and her boyfriend and making a threat to hijack an airplane or ship . reuters could not reach him for comment . police say daniel p. according to a police affidavit dated june 19 , morley told his mother that his best friend had bragged about knowing tamerlan tsarnaev , one of the two chechen brothers suspected of detonating pressure-cooker bombs at the boston marathon finish line on april 15.
) voted to disclose publicly a memorandum containing classi?ed information provided to the committee in connection with its oversight activities ( the ?memorandum , ? s. rept . ) ; h. 107-792 ( administration of george w. learn more 518 , 527 ( 1988 ) . egan , 484 us . sincerely , donald f. see , dep of navy v. president approves release of gop memo criticizing fbi surveillance the white house washington february 2 , 2018 the honorable devin nunes chairman , house permanent select committee on intelligence united states capitol washington , dc 20515 dear mr.
this is after she posted a note on facebook accusing hall of supplying prince with drugs " over the decades " and of spiking her with drugs . arsenio hall sues sinead over prince rant she ' s a lying attention whore arsenio hall sues sinead o ' connor over prince rant ... as she claimed . she also says she told prince " to go f*** himself . as for why she targeted him -- arsenio says she ' s repeatedly said she met prince a couple times and she " detested " him . she called prince a " longtime hard drug user " who got his supply from " arsenio hall ( aka prince ' s and eddie murphy ' s bitch ) .
martin tripp , a former technician at tesla ’ s gigafactory in nevada , was sued by the electric car company on 20 june , just days after musk had sent a company email stating that an employee had engaged in “quite extensive and damaging sabotage ” against the company ’ s computer systems . ' " tripp also claims that punctured battery cells were reworked with glue and put back on the manufacturing line : " based upon information and belief , no quality inspections were performed on these ' reworked ' battery modules before they were returned to the manufacturing processing line .
" your loving personality kind spirit will live on forever , " lauletta wrote on twitter on tuesday night . he graduated in 2017 from paul vi catholic in fairfax , where he was a member of the football , lacrosse and track teams . “it ’ s certainly going to be helpful to the athlete community. i could tell. the virginia office of the chief medical examiner reported the cause of death was suicide by asphyxiation . crutcher , said in a statement that lee was an undeclared pre-business major and referred to him as " a good friend .
29 , 2011 in los angeles as they prepare to evict protesters from the occupy los angeles encampment outside city hall in los angeles . " said the other . here , demonstrator lauren foley of philadelphia is confronted by a police on horseback . officers began a raid on the camp early wednesday , two days after a deadline passed for protesters to clear out .... " those who want to be arrested will be . ( ap photo/lucy ... " well , yes we did ! another taunted police with an american flag . credit : allen j.
robin thicke has made it clear that he ' s not ready to throw in the towel on his marriage just yet . she ' s a good woman . 27 and said he wants his estranged wife back . bundled up in a peacoat , the " blurred lines " entertainer was all smiles while walking to his car outside . ) as previously reported , the high school sweethearts -- who are parents to 3-year-old son julian -- announced their separation in a joint statement on feb. this accident comes after et recently took the lead in the stand against paparazzi harassing and stalking celebrities ' children in order to photograph them .
: ] johnson added that taking a smaller dose of a psychedelic is safer than taking a large dose , but the way people tend to do it — regularly taking small doses every several days — could have long-term side effects . the link between crime and drug use became apparent , and a war on drugs ensued . but microdosing gained greater visibility when james fadiman story_separator_special_tag some researchers say outlawing drugs like marijuana and ecstasy hinders research into their medicinal properties . the inventor of lsd , albert hofmann , was known to microdose in his old age and told a friend that microdosing was an under-researched area .
john heath ' s friends said he was story_separator_special_tag heath pleads not guilty in wife ' s death john heath : charged in 1984 murder of his estranged wife , elizabeth , whose remains were found in newtown barn in 2010 john heath ' s mug shot . blawie also ordered heath to surrender his passport . after repeatedly responding to questions with , " no comment , no comment , " she eventually asked one television reporter , ` ` do you want me to sing it to you ? prosecutors said officials acted quickly to arrest heath after a moving truck was spotted at his house over the weekend .
hicks served as press secretary on trump ' s 2016 campaign , having previously worked for the trump organization and ivanka trump ' s fashion label . hicks will be based in los angeles . but fox news -- with its highly-rated pro-trump talk shows -- is one of the main assets of fox . dinh , in turn , reports to lachlan murdoch . " fox won ’ t find anyone smarter or more talented than hope hicks , " sanders wrote . the two men are known to speak regularly . her role will take effect when the spin-off is in place .
milholen was supposed to drive matus to the airport , but he arrived at her home story_separator_special_tag drew devoursney , 36 , and francesca matus , 52 , were found dead in belize on sunday . herman roberts of the corozal police department said in a telephone interview . this article is the copyrighted property of breaking belize news . 6 : 45 p.m. cst . “our thoughts are with the loved ones of the canadian citizen who passed away in belize . written permission must be obtained before reprint in online or print media . marie and spends winters in belize .
the index has been moving against jpmorgan in recent days . bank analysts say that while the bank ’ s stability is not threatened , if the losses continue to mount , the outlook for the bank ’ s dividend will grow uncertain . jpmorgan used that index , and others , to bet that credit markets would strengthen . their analysis also reflects a trade in a vacuum without any counter-bets . a jpmorgan spokeswoman declined comment . , on tuesday , mr. john lackey , a shareholder from richmond , va. " i ' ve been through this exercise a few times , and i can ' t make the numbers make sense , " said michael johnson , chief market strategist at brokerage m.s .
another 2012 republican candidate ’ s attempt at making sweet music has appeared on the internet , and it ’ s a doozy – introducing sunday morning* , a gospel album recorded by former godfather ’ s pizza ceo herman cain . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . really , give “this is the day ” a listen ! tips@mediaite.com swartz also focused on sociology , civic awareness and activism . he founded the online group demand progress , known for its campaign against the stop online piracy act .
reid added that he still hoped for a longer-term deal on those matters . house speaker john boehner of ohio , the most powerful republican in an era of divided government , agreed . " we can extend payroll tax relief for american workers , help create new jobs and keep the government running . both sides have been looking for leverage in that fight , as neither side wants to be blamed for a president barack obama speaks in the eisenhower executive office building on the campus in washington , thursday , dec. 15 , 2011 , where he announced action to provide minimum wage and overtime protections ...
rosenstein ordered mueller to investigate " links and/or coordination " between the russian government and trump campaign , as well as " any matters that arose or may arise directly from " that investigation . manafort on money laundering and tax-related charges . manafort , asked a federal court wednesday to void the justice department ' s appointment of special counsel robert s. ... comey ; former general counsel james baker ; and deputy director andrew mccabe . zehnle wrote . downing and thomas e. but he couldn ' t recall a single time that approach succeeded in tossing a charge .
to where the crematoria and gas chambers were , " he said . recalling the moment she was torn away from her mother , she said : " all i remember is her arms stretched out in despair as she was pulled away . most of those who disembarked were gassed to death almost immediately . yelling , crying , pushing ; even dogs were barking . the judge would not allow him to answer kor ' s questions , citing court rules . " did you hear about his experiments ? " the hungarian native asked a fragile groening .
" the police support the idea that sexual penetration shall not be an exempt permitted behavior by the police in making arrests on prostitutes , " hee said . state sen. bell said hee met with officers who submitted written and oral testimony to a house committee earlier in the legislative session . a key hawaii lawmaker considering an anti-prostitution bill says he and honolulu police have agreed to get rid of a longtime exemption that allowed officers to have sex with prostitutes . " that ' s exactly what we wanted and how we ' ve been conducting our investigations — with the verbal offer , " bell said .
’ ” she said . i mean , the birth certificate is issued a month and a half after i ’ m born . dolezal to identify with , appreciate and even partake in black culture , some critics said , but it was another thing for her to try to become black , going so far as to change her physical appearance . ” on tuesday , matt lauer of nbc ’ s “today ” show asked her , “when did you start deceiving people ? chapter , pushed back . ” clashing versions of past although her advocacy work has admirers , serious questions have been raised about ms.
focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . right before labor day , we can add another star couple split to the long list . avril lavigne &amp; chad kroeger ( better known as “that guy from nickelback ” ) are getting divorced after two years of marriage . story_separator_special_tag summer 2015 will forever be remembered as the season of celebrity break ups . lavigne broke the news via instagram . read more on …
' to clarify the numbers , popkov has confessed to 59 new murders , ' she said . three of the murders were committed while he was on duty , using a police car . the true total of women victims - believed to be aged 17 to 38 - is far higher than previously reported . they also found tire tracks from a niva cross-country vehicle at some of the crime scenes , which ultimately led them to popkov . “we are quite sure about the 12 other cases , ” golovacheva told the paper , and “in the nearest future we can bring charges ” in the twelve others .
she said the time she plans to take off as she prepares for her grand prix assignments in november “will help me become a stronger person , story_separator_special_tag close olympic medalist gracie gold confirmed to people that she will be taking a break from figure skating to “seek some professional help. the venue hosted all competitions and several practice sessions . figure skaters competed for the title of world champion in men ' s singles , ladies ' singles , pairs and ice dancing . 19 . the 2018 u.s. olympic figure skating trials are in early january , now just four months away .
police said the suspect was wounded and taken to a hospital , where he was listed in stable condition . " those officers did not shrink . “one of your defenders lost his life in defense of this community today . the shooting terrified story_separator_special_tag police stand outside a popeyes restaurant during an investigation into the shooting of a prince george ' s county police officer outside a police station , on sunday , march 13 , 2016 , in hyattsville , md .... he treated everyone with respect . " he fired one shot , and then he started pacing back and forth , then fired another shot , " said lascelles grant , a nurse .
grunwald said romero passed away " peacefully in his sleep " while " listening to the score of ' the quiet man , ' one his all-time favorite films , with his wife suzanne desrocher romero , and daughter , tina romero , at his side . he was 77. that was followed by " land of the dead " in 2005. george a. we are feeding on ourselves . romero was born in 1940 in new york city . but most of the profits eluded the investors because of ) some film scholars and horror enthusiasts contend that social commentary — specifically salvos against the military and materialism — lurked within romero ’ s films .
" henry epps wrote on facebook on saturday night . " epps , a le moyne college graduate , was part of nasa 20th astronaut class , announced in 2009. " we have lost all of the gains we gained over the past 40 years in one year ? no more ! this administration policies and culture is reprehensible against their stance against women and minorities in this nation . " it was not clear from epps ' post whether he had spoken to his sister about why she was removed from the mission . jeanette epps to the international space station .
a 10-year-old girl airlifted friday afternoon from six flags magic mountain amusement park in valencia , california , died saturday , according to the coroner ' s office . story_separator_special_tag the theme park said jasmine came into the ride station unconscious . " we were deeply saddened to learn that jasmine martinez , who was transported to the hospital after riding revolution on june 12 has died , " a magic mountain spokeswoman said in a statement . " our thoughts and prayers are with jasmine ’ s family and friends during this difficult time . an autopsy will determine the cause of death .
she ' ll have them fitted in time for the thierry mugler fashion show in paris at the end of the month . and gaga , who is no stranger to peacock-style attention seeking , has ordered a selection of marquise-style gems to brighten up her chops . love conquers lady gaga ' s doubts . a source said : " she ' s still deciding how many to get done . e ! souhaitez-vous voir ça dans notre édition française ? her dental bill will be as expensive as her jewellery bill . ist überall dieser inhalt ist für internationale besucher verfügbar .
officers shot the man as he ran on a roadway and appeared to be trying to steal yet another car before he was handcuffed and taken to a hospital in an ambulance , police spokeswoman rosario herrera said . a “maniac ” carjacker has been caught live on television leading police on high-speed chase through the streets of los angeles , carjacking a vehicle at gunpoint and crashing at least six times . " as of 10 p.m. it was horrible . his exact condition was unknown , sgt . " he callously put innocent people ' s lives in danger , even after the police backed off the pursuit and tracked with the helicopter .
“you have people who are claiming that it enhances learning , that it ’ s important , that it ’ s good for children ’ s wellbeing . pedal is part of the psychology , education and learning studies research group at the faculty . the closing date for applications for the brand new , permanent post is this friday , 20 january . why research play ? kind of . standard professorial duties include teaching and research , examining , supervision and administration . yes , really . the professor will be based in cambridge . in association with the professorship , the lego foundation has further funded the establishment of a research centre in play in education , development and learning ( pedal ) .
“we ’ re going to use a combination of paid vendors and an army of volunteers to get this done , ” said winslow , who once served as former gov . nex month , winslow said , he will resign from his law firm , proskauer , where he is senior counsel in the litigation department . state representative daniel b. other republicans considering the race include senate minority leader bruce e. lynch and edward j. 27. stephen f. markey announced they were running . ” joining the special election has become increasingly difficult with every day that passes because candidates must collect 10,000 signatures before feb.
one of two nuclear bombs that fell near raleigh , n.c. " it behaved as though it was dropped over the soviet union at the time . , during a military accident more than 50 years ago came frighteningly close to detonating , newly-released documents reveal . a picture taken in 1971 shows a nuclear explosion in mururoa atoll . other experts agree . ” burr noted in his report just how fine the line was and is between safety and destruction . wind conditions , of course , could change that . a mushroom cloud rises above nagasaki , japan , on august 9 , 1945 , after an atomic bomb was dropped on the city .
that ’ s his. he can ’ t help it . he has a ranch home in california wine country and another place in that state , and about 15 years ago he bought a home right on the bainbridge island waterfront . it ’ s not like charlie needs the money from the return of the waterbed . if history is to repeat , once again it ’ ll be that male customer who ’ but are we ready for waterbeds 2.0 ? ( photo : meegan m. 25 , 2018 . still , he ’ s an inveterate tinkerer .
it was as if he were invisible , as he had been before coming to cuba , in the midst of revolution . his body was placed in an unmarked grave in havana . rollison declined to offer details about current discussions with the cuban government . for years , morgan was just a historical footnote . . . then a burst of floodlights illuminated him : william alexander morgan , the great yankee comandante . morgan was nearly six feet tall , and had the powerful arms and legs of someone who had survived in the wild . while working at the toledo blade , miami herald reporter sallah and ap reporter weiss .
i too am one of the many survivors that was sexually abused by larry nassar , " she continued . i ' ve felt a bit broken and the more i try to shut off the voice in my head the louder it screams , " biles wrote in a #metoo post . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . they are not expected to be at nassar ' s sentencing , but 2000 olympian jamie dantzscher will testify at the marathon hearing . no . " nassar was the team doctor for usa gymnastics through four olympic games , treating young hopefuls and gold medal winners .
denver broncos player kenny mckinley , university of south carolina ’ s all-time leader in receptions and regarded as one of the best players in program history , was found dead in his denver home this evening . “he was energetic , and he had a positive outlook on things . the 23-year-old , second-year pro has been on the team ' s injured reserve list since early august with a knee injury . … wonderful guy . 11. some people are better equipped and have the support system . " it was apparently a suicide , but we ' re still investigating , " arapahoe county sheriff grayson robinson said .
she dressed for the part story_separator_special_tag enlarge image lucasfilm when i first saw carrie fisher as princess leia in 1977 ' s " star wars : a new hope , " she was fresh-faced and full of confidence and witty comebacks for the roguish rake han solo . 23 flight from london to los angeles . the following is a sampling of memorable lines attributed to fisher , who died tuesday after suffering a heart attack during a dec. updated : we updated with additional reactions over the course of the day . carrie fisher wasn ’ t like that !
none of the original trilogy characters made that list , all of them receiving at least 40 percent in favorability . if you think it ’ s jar jar binks , youssa wrong . “my father was a martial arts teacher , ” best says . “that appears to be the first evidence we ' ve ever found that slaughtering jedi children , torturing your daughter and cutting off your son ' s hand will only cost you a 6 percent dip in the polls , ” according to mashable . luke skywalker ( mark hamill ) , princess leia ( carrie fisher ) and han solo ( harrison ford ) escape from the death star in “star wars : episode iv a new hope.
" if people are forming these first impressions , just based on looking at somebody ' s face , what is it about the image of the face that ' s giving that impression - can we measure it exactly ? dr hartley sees the commercial potential in applying his numerical model to the photos people use to present themselves online . does a smile indicate a person is easygoing or insincere ? now , researchers publishing in proceedings of the national academy of sciences have revealed the underpinnings of our snap judgments . a computer model has found a smiling expression is key to a first impression of being approachable , while large eyes signal youthfulness , and dominance is linked partly to a masculine face shape .
and , it ' s off ! the theoretical value of any stock is the " present value of future cash flows . there is no way i would own groupon ' s stock for the next few quarters at this price , given the business transition groupon is currently undergoing . right now , the big institutional investors who got the stock at $ 20 and swore up and down that they ' d hold it forever are now gleefully flipping it to anyone who will buy it . so let story_separator_special_tag getty images holy stock pop . anything ' s possible .
on whether the decision to cut whitehead was based on the idea of the arrest : garrett : yesterday we made a decision we felt was the best interest of the dallas cowboys . " it cost my player his job , " rich said in an email . he deserved better from law enforcement. police sgt . we all do . we ' re going to move forward . the coach spoke for a little more than three minutes . that man did not have identification on him , but verbally provided a name , date of birth and social security number that matched whitehead ' s .
2015 was the year that android was added to the to the security reward program initiative resulting in payments of over $ 200,000 to researchers . " in this case , it seems google may have missed a deadline to renew google.com , creating an opportunity for someone to slip in and nab it . he bought the domain name on the google domains registration service website after the company somehow lost ownership of it . however , microsoft didn ' t want to know . if you ' re wondering about the slightly strange amount , google explains that if you squint and use a little imagination , the figure spells out the word google .
and that ’ s all i can say . a stray shower or thunderstorm is possible . it ' s decent . should you decide to try for yourself , my recommendation is to call ahead , and just pick it up through the drive thru window .... it ' s genuinely true that the environment isn ' t pleasant . story_separator_special_tag 13 ( 507 ) 744-4945 i live in lonsdale , so have been here a few times . ” payten estepp was part of a group protesting the sign monday night . cloud mall , allegedly asking victims if they were muslim before attacking them .
" is any of this relevant to judge walker ' s ruling striking down proposition 8 ? he discussed the case in his first meeting with reporters since he announced his retirement in september . 8 discriminated on the basis of sexual orientation and gender and did not benefit heterosexual spouses or the marital institution . if prop . a former corporate lawyer who was appointed to the bench by president george h.w . ” the los angeles times , stupidly , would disagree . more photo : david paul morris , special to the chronicle photo : david paul morris , special to the chronicle image 1 of / 59 caption close should judge have recused himself on prop .
she uses an app on her phone to track her calories . “it ’ s not a cycle , it ’ s linear . a study last year estimated that nearly 10 percent of u.s. adults have type 2 diabetes , and other research finds more than a third of adults have prediabetes , a high blood sugar condition that may lead to diabetes . she is down to 222 pounds , and is determined to keep going . williams said . about 21.9 million americans now live with the disease . but this latest cdc data shows a small but promising reversal .
that ’ s because a chicken can mean the difference between a family that merely survives and one that thrives . the union is concerned about the quality from the first stage of production , which is the distribution of laying pullets to their partners , so they import directly genetic line isa brown from brazil . men take cash crops like cocoa and cotton to market . it ’ s certainly not the strangest of the tech billionaire ’ s world-saving ideas , considering he ’ s drunk water made from poop . an increase of 35 % .
the company that operated the bridge has set up a fund for victims ' families . excerpts from the report were broadcast on rai state television on sunday and published online . nine people are still in hospital , four in a critical condition , the prefecture added . “now we expect things to move fast and that people ( who had to leave their homes ) are given a place to stay , ” prime minister conte posted on his facebook profile . a huge section of the bridge collapsed on 14 august during a fierce storm , killing 43 people and forcing the evacuation of nearby residents in the densely built-up area .
she is , however , expected to be released as early as next week due to overcrowding in the california jail system . " all the inmates are sick of lindsay , " medina says . " it ' s almost like lindsay lohan ' s here , but she ' s not . story_separator_special_tag lindsay lohan throws hissy fit in jail , inmates taunt her with ' fire crotch ' nickname : report mcnew/pool lindsay lohan is reportedly facing some mean girls in jail . " her outlook is definitely more positive . she was crying though . " they just started chanting it at her .
mongodb ’ s now-former ceo max schireson can attest to that . as a daughter of charlottesville , virginia , the home of thomas jefferson and the university he founded , i grew up with the declaration of independence in my blood . the atlantic asked similar questions of pepsico ’ s female ceo indra nooyi . ) it ’ s time to embrace a national happiness project . he also discussed the amount of work his wife – herself a doctor and a professor – does when he ' s gone . when today show host matt lauer sat down with general motors ’ ( gm ) ceo mary barra in late june , he asked the automaker ’ s first female leader : you said in an interview not long ago that your kids said they ’ re going to hold you accountable for one job , and that is being a mom .
it doesn ’ t matter the stage , give me a podium and i ’ ll be there to talk about real issues like this : https://t.co/fqu5qi2pix #bringiton — chris christie ( @chrischristie ) november 6 , 2015 huckabee was also defiant in the face of fox ’ s decision . no of course not . new jersey gov . sen. christie tweeted just moments after the announcement with a reference to that huffington post video . debate host fox business network announced candidates must have a polling average of at least 2.5 percent in the four most recent polls .
" i ' m sure people would have stuck to it , " green said , " if things didn ' t go well . he also insisted that stiviano and the 80-year-old clippers owner never had a sexual or romantic relationship and descriptions of her as his mistress in the media and in a lawsuit filed by sterling ’ s wife are erroneous . those were the stakes for silver on tuesday . photos : who is v. andrew d. there was nothing notable about the play , nothing the least bit memorable , except for the fact that it happened at all .
“it ’ s definitely racist , ” she said . “it told my son to put a slave cuff around the black character ’ s neck , and then to play with the toy. slavery is wrong but this woman ' s outrage is ridiculous . ” toys r us could not immediately be reached for comment . story_separator_special_tag see more of aimee norman on facebook ” playmobil figurine . throw away the offending pieces. “you cannot have this specific accessory and call it anything else . posted by ida ida on sunday , october 4 , 2015 sacramento naacp president stephen webb said he wants the toy banned .
a family member contacted the sheriff ' s office and told authorities that the boy ' s 1-year-old brother was likely nearby , greeley said . all cut up , " says holliman . - along busy highway 24 in ouachita county , deputies say a wrecked car with a mother and her two small children inside went unnoticed for two days . both boys suffered dehydration . this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . james is in disbelief his daughter lisa holliman , 25 , is dead . " he was somewhat turned sideways , in a position upside down , " says greeley .
sven olaf kamphuis , who claims to be a spokesman for cyberbunker , said , in a message , that spamhaus was abusing its position , and should not be allowed to decide " what goes and does not go on the internet " . ” mr. five national cyber-police-forces are investigating the attacks . “the no . our engineers are doing an immense job in keeping it up - this sort of attack would take down pretty much anything else . ' decapitating the internet ' image caption the dns ensures that you are sent to the correct site when you enter a web address writing exactly one year ago for the bbc , prof alan woodward predicted the inherent weaknesses in the web ' s domain name system .
archaeologists have found ... there was a drawing of the fort and a written description but nothing detailing the location . in other words , they can now begin to bring that history to life . thompson has worked on the site with university of south carolina archaeologist chester depratter , whose search for san marcos began in 1993. those buildings ( associated press ) parris island , s.c. santa elena , founded in 1566 to protect spanish shipping interests , was the first capital of spanish colonial florida . “so we have to figure it out.
drake said he agreed and decided to sponsor the bill that would mandate a switch . howard simon , executive director of the american civil liberties union of florida , said drake ' s legislation would just cause embarrassment for florida if it were adopted . ” olbermann ’ s obscenity aired uncensored . then-gov . rep. jeb bush and the republican-controlled legislature pushed through the change after several botched electrocutions raised concerns that the state ' s death penalty would be declared unconstitutional . watch the segment below via current : have a tip we should know ?
they told police they had bought the corpses to meet the government quota on cremations . the two officials , surnamed he and dong , who were in charge of implementing funeral management reform , were arrested last week . zhong said he has stolen more than 20 corpses in local villages at night , put them into bag , and transported them by motorcycle to neighboring guangdong province . other reports have alleged some family members story_separator_special_tag death comes as a surprise to most . however , the chinese government has encouraged cremations to save land for farming and development .
” the treasury department ’ s announcement does not affect the individual mandate , which requires most taxpayers to either purchase insurance or pay a penalty , and administration officials said on tuesday that other aspects of the law wouldn ’ t be delayed . president obama ’ s “view is that we ought to plow forward , make sure this can work , and we ' re going to look back at it , and it ' s going to be our proudest accomplishment , " axelrod said on msnbc ' s " morning joe . this step could significantly reduce the number of uninsured people who will gain coverage in 2014.
online dating has changed that . today there ' s a wide variety of sites and apps to suit your tastes , lifestyle , sexuality , and budget , from tinder and bumble for a quick swipe to like , to okcupid and eharmony for those who want their wit to show with their words . match.com went live in 1995. then , in the 1990s , came the first dating websites . not so long ago , nobody met a partner online . another obvious kind of network links nodes at random . josue ortega/university of essex any stigma over online dating has slowly evaporated over the years .
“i am going to visit the dprk and meet he kim jong un , ” assad said on may 30 , north korea ’ s kcna news agency reported , using the initials of the country ’ s official name , the democratic people ’ s republic of korea . syria opened its mission in pyongyang in 1969. there was no indication that such a trip had been planned . since taking power in 2011 , kim has not publicly met with another head of state in north korea . " syria ' s government did not immediately respond to a request for comment sunday .
" vice president joe biden . saul anuzis , cruz ’ s campaign chair in the state , had tweeted a message : “600+ strong listening to ted cruz in michigan ! at the next party you ’ re at , just walk up to someone and say , ‘vice president joe biden , ’ and just close your mouth . " you know the nice thing ? " " i promise you it works , " cruz added . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . you don ' t need a punch line .
that ’ s a moderate rate . leo , the apparent origin point for the meteors , rises in the east at midnight . that ’ s the direction to look to maximize the chance of spotting a shooting star tuesday night . ( if you ’ re bummed about that , console yourself with some of the illustrations of the famous 1833 leonid meteor storm — a pretty incredible event. why now ? but meteors will be visible even before then . katie peek / popular science ; orbits from the jet propulsion laboratory database . that ’ s when the earth passes through the cloud of debris left behind by the comet tempel-tuttle .
dominion expects to achieve a significant main stone once the diamond is polished , that will be canadamark certified . so it ’ s a very unique discovery. dominion owns 40 % of diavik . the 552 carat yellow canadamark™ diamond was unearthed in october at the diavik diamond mine ( “diavik ” ) , approximately 135 miles south of the arctic circle in canada ’ s northwest territories . dominion chief executive officer shane durgin said the diamond is gem quality , meaning it ’ s suitable for jewelry , but gave few additional details that help determine its value .
rick krlich ' s side of the story : according to rick krlich , john clemente and his family retaliated by organizing a vast conspiracy of horn honking that has continued throughout the years since . ( parentheses in original. " a solution ? " " just a regular beep or just to beep at the neighbors across the street , he ' ll take you to court . ” krich contends the harassment began in 2007 , when he tried to purchase a property adjacent to his own . his lawsuit failed , and the clementes moved into the house .
the state television announcer was quoted as saying that his father had been reappointed as general secretary of the workers ' party as an " expression of absolute support and trust " . ( associated press ) in this photo released by korean central news agency via korea news service , delegates to the ruling worker ' s party meeting make their way upon arriving at pyongyang station , north korea , on monday sept .... the workers ' party has not met for decades and observers believe kim jong-il may be cementing the family dynasty . the appointment also appears aimed at putting the son
dusseldorf prosecutor christoph kumpa said that on one day lubitz also " searched for several minutes with search terms relating to cockpit doors and their security measures . lubitz is suspected of deliberately bringing down germanwings flight 9525 in the french alps on march 24 , killing all 150 on board . “these phones are in a very , very damaged condition , which will make exploiting them very hard , ” he said . duesseldorf prosecutors said thursday investigators found a tablet computer at andreas lubitz ' s apartment . story_separator_special_tag mr. even with this damage , the marseille prosecutor said that investigators should be able to get useful information out of it .
must build wall and secure our borders with proper border legislation . taking a drag from her cigarette , a mexican immigration agent looked out toward a caravan of migrants that grew larger with each step they took on the two-lane highway . “after the president [ was sworn in ] it got worse . story_separator_special_tag daca is dead because the democrats didn ’ t care or act , and now everyone wants to get onto the daca bandwagon ... learn more despite their being in mexico without authorization , no one has made any effort to stop them .
according to the documents , after an alleged beating in 2012 over belafonte ' s jealousy of usher , producers of ' x factor ' ( australia ) noticed swelling on her face and asked for a physician . she says this was the pattern ... " she says belafonte " rushed in to help me in every way , " saying in the beginning he was nice and supportive . whenever she achieved success , he would literally beat her down to maintain control . so the breakup is hardly fresh . when she finally returned , she still had visible facial and body wounds yet no one sounded the alarm .
hide caption 4 of 9 photos : death row stories : kris maharaj ' death row stories ' : kris maharaj – police found maharaj ' s fingerprints in the room . and there maharaj has remained for 27 years . ” in his bid for a retrial , the trinidad-born maharaj asserts that he was framed as the murderer to help cover up the involvement of colombian drug cartels in the killings . he had owned luxury cars and horses that raced against thoroughbreds held by queen elizabeth ii . nearly 30 years ago , international food importer and newspaper owner krishna " kris " maharaj , a british citizen , was living the good life in south florida .
mcgowan has alleged that weinstein raped her . more developments as they happen : #sheknew posters of meryl streep posted in l.a. on wednesday , cbs los angeles shared footage of posters showing a photo of meryl streep with harvey weinstein , emblazoned with the text #sheknew , near the sag-aftra building in l.a. the posters also showed up in several other places around the city , and appear to have been installed before sunrise wednesday morning . " i wasn ’ t deliberately silent . 11. maybe you should all wear marchesa . your silence is the problem .
the chicago police department said lizandra cosme , 32 , and susana gonzalez , 27 , face charges after five children were injured at the children ’ s learning place , where they were working , on dec. she lives in melrose park . 26. cosme was denied bail at the hearing . there are four locations in chicago . an assistant in the room with her at the time allegedly stood idly by , laughing with cosme as this was taking place . cosme and gonzalez could not be immediately reached for comment tuesday . “each of the child victims winced and some whined at the hot glue gun application , ” a prosecutor said monday at a court appearance , according to abc7 .
" going forward , these and angora will be banned , " the statement said . our goal is to procure 100 percent of our cotton through the bci by 2022 we are more than a third of the way to our goal of becoming carbon neutral in our own operations . it said for many years it had restricted its use of fur to rabbit , fox , mink and asiatic racoon . we will continue to explore methods of recycling or reusing such products within the regulatory constraints . the animal rights group behind a recent #furfreebritain social media campaign , human society international , welcomed the decision .
benny anders anders played in 76 games for the cougars from 1981-84. though michael jordan was a sophomore on the north carolina team that had won the previous ncaa championship , houston was the it program that season , a traveling road show whose aerial performance art took on mythical dimensions . charles jones ) tried to cut off his angle to the basket . more photo : associated press image 3 of 4 03/30/1984 - david rufener displays some of the houston cougars souvenirs available for shoppers at the gift shop at the sports market bar and restaurant .
a senior administration official later clarified that citizenship is a " discussion point " in the plan and that young immigrants would have to meet certain conditions in order to gain it . trump also wants to limit family-based immigration and end or overhaul the diversity visa lottery , the white house said earlier wednesday . ... it has never passed congress . ' look , i ’ m not going to put my neck out and support something unless i know the president will sign it. the impasse over immigration led to a brief , partial government shutdown this week before lawmakers agreed monday to a three-week funding extension .
" so what ' s the evidence that the hope diamond is cursed ? a man is tied to a chair in front of you . “it ’ s valuable , rare and famous . and everywhere around you are stolen priceless gems , statues and paintings . . . welcome to “hidden expedition : smithsonian hope diamond , ” the first video game that the smithsonian institution has helped create . a bear growls from behind a closet door . despite all this attention , though , it seems that the inch-wide , 45.52-carat diamond still conceals secrets waiting to be uncovered .
as you can see , the video shows katie couric preparing to go on the air on the day john mccain announced governor palin as his running mate . ” we ’ re hearing from other sourcing that cbs isn ’ t disputing that this is couric in an off-air setting , and that they won ’ t pursue how it got out . ... not much actually . palin and her very unique backstory . given her fixation on media coverage generally and couric particularly as well as her momma grizzly tendencies , it would seem quite tempting .
this aircraft ’ s design is key for the shift of air force isr assets away from “permissive� ? northrop grumman ’ s financial reports point to a possible award of a secret uas contract in 2008 , when the company disclosed a $ 2 billion increase in the backlog in its integrated systems division . airspace . ” the use of unmanned aircraft for spying continues to rise year after year . the rq-180 carries radio-frequency sensors such as active , electronically scanned array ( aesa ) radar and passive electronic surveillance measures , according to one defense official .
" if the eruption had occurred only one week earlier , earth would have been in the line of fire . extreme solar storms pose a threat to all forms of high-technology . scientists are shedding new light on a massive solar storm that narrowly missed impacting earth two years ago . suffice it to say , but it ’ s bad news if the energy and plasma from a big solar flare or cme hits the earth . fortunately earth wasn ' t there . a solar storm is a generic term for increased activity in the sun .
in an exclusive interview that will air on inside edition monday , chris and dana white say they were aboard the carnival fantasy for a three-day caribbean cruise last october when they noticed the device , which they say was hidden among tv wires and pointing at their bed . " i was thinking , ' i can ' t believe this is actually happening to us , ' " chris said . it was working . the men would also harass other passengers and film young girls on their mobile phones , passengers said . i just immediately felt like we had been invaded ; our privacy had been invaded .
the sheriff ' s department says henderson ' s blood alcohol level was 0.09. henderson then was given a field sobriety test , which deputies said he failed . a deputy pulled over the west virginia division of highways snow plow at 11 : 30 p.m. jan. henderson , 56 , of elkhorn was arrested and charged with dui ( cdl ) and defective equipment . 29. henderson was taken to the mcdowell county holding unit . a criminal complaint says deputy r.l . dot spokeswoman carrie bly confirmed henderson is employed by the department . a telephone listing for henderson in the elkhorn area couldn ' t be found .
" you can ' t make fun of the holocaust , you can ' t make fun of black slavery ..... he transforms found material to speak to both personal memory and the complex political and social … event nari ward in conversation with massimiliano … thursday 03/14/19 7pm story_separator_special_tag new york ( cnn ) -- a video that features ants crawling over a crucifix has gone on display at a new york gallery -- after it was banned from a smithsonian museum -- raising questions over the boundaries of freedom of expression in a city known for its art .
katriuk was " relations between vladimir putin ' s russian government and canada are frosty today over ottawa ' s strong and vocal opposition to moscow ' s aggression in ukraine . but he was never extradited because he would have had to consent to it under german law . katriuk , 93 , died last week , his lawyer said . a study three years ago alleged katriuk was a key participant in a massacre in khatyn during the second world war . mr. sorry , the page you requested was not found . the same document said the man took a watch , bracelet and gun from the body of a woman found nearby .
the law was struck down by a montana court following the us supreme court ruling two years ago in the citizens united case , which lifted most restrictions on corporations spending money on political advertising . but even that is a long shot , hasen said . " a problem does exist . " it is highly unlikely that the court would reverse its decision in citizens united , " said law professor richard l. a clarification of citizens united is needed to make clear that states can block certain political spending in the interest of limiting corruption , he said .
many people find benefits from dual citizenship and having it doesn ' t make them any less american . " congresswoman bachmann ' s husband is of swiss descent so she has been eligible for dual citizenship since they got married in 1978 , " rogness said . how could she not know that the usa does not acknowledge dual citizenship ? one can also become a dual national by being born in a country that automatically grants citizenship to those born in the country . ( this disparity was raised a few years ago , during the randy ' duke ' cunningham trial.
missing a train means waiting even longer in the suffocating heat of the rat-infested underground ovens that are new york subway stations . we ’ re grateful to the nypd transit bureau for its excellent police work and will assist in any way possible to obtain a strong conviction . he was charged with reckless endangerment and disorderly conduct . and off he went , surfing through the subway tunnel while some commuters — including one headphone-clad man looking at his phone — rode unsuspecting inside , according to a video captured by another subway rider , matthew beary .
it has been several years since the last time we did this . properties of this collection . the original runs were just against the enwiki . this collection will be complete , as there is a good chance we will share the data , and sharing data with pointers to random other collections , is a complex problem . roughly 83 million americans age 6 and over , or about 28 % of the population , reported that they did not once participate in any of 104 specific physical activities in the last calendar year , according to annual survey ...
( associated press ) on occasion , the hajj and events surrounding it have been marred by accidents and tragedies , such as thursday ' s stampede near mecca that killed at least 310 people . 5 , 2006 file photo , rescuers attend to the scene of a building collapse in mecca , saudi arabia . everybody seemed to be on their own . people fell on the ground seeking help but there was no-one to give them a helping hand . just watched hajj : the pilgrimage to mecca replay more videos ... the incident is the deadliest disaster at mina since 1990 , when 1,426 people died .
porn star and escort devon james is claiming tiger woods fathered her secret love child , radaronline.com is reporting exclusively . a source familiar with the situation told radaronline.com that tiger has not taken or been asked to take a paternity test . theresa rogers reportedly gave birth to a girl in 2003 and demanded ï ¿ ½2million for her silence . “and she ’ s insistent about it. ” the pair engaged in unprotected sex and james became pregnant , a source told radaronline.com . photos : sexy pics of all of tiger ’ s women james is one of approximately 15 women linked to woods , 34 , in secret sexual affairs .
of the 222 cases , 112 ( 50 % ) were associated with 17 outbreaks “if a case comes into a population where a lot of people are unvaccinated , that ’ s story_separator_special_tag los angeles ( ap ) — seventy people have been infected in a measles outbreak that led california public health officials to urge those who haven ' t been vaccinated against the disease , including children too young to be immunized , should avoid disney parks where the spread originated . outbreak control efforts met with indeterminate success . file - this nov. report .
dhs secretary kirstjen nielsen said publicly story_separator_special_tag house speaker paul ryan on sunday rebuffed relentless speculation that he might emerge from republican infighting as the gop ’ s presidential candidate , telling the times of israel that there were “lots of reasons ” why he hadn ’ t run for president this time , and that he wasn ’ t about to change his mind . neither republicans nor democrats have been willing to blink , and both sides appear to be growing increasingly dug in . ) . hundreds of miles of barriers already exist . but over the past few days , it feels as if the crisis in our government has hit a new inflection point .
a sheriff in missouri said a tourist boat has apparently capsized on the lake , leaving ... by the end of the day friday , authorities had recovered the bodies of 17 , a list of victims that crossed generations , ranging from 1 to 76 years old , many of them out-of-state visitors — including nine members of one family . ( associated press ) branson , mo . jason pace said four people remain missing friday after the ride the ducks boat sank on table rock lake in branson thursday evening . as the boat struggled toward the dock and safety for its 29 passengers and two-member crew , it was overwhelmed .
deal -- deal police said they arrested two men who took a taxi to burglarize a house in town and then refused to pay the driver when they drove back to an apartment in asbury park with the stolen goods . brian egan . after being alerted by asbury park police at 10 : 31 p.m. follow her on twitter @maryannspoto . their court dates are pending . the driver called asbury park police reporting the beat fare and the suspicious activity of the customers , egan said . burke and foote were charged with burglary , conspiracy to commit burglary , criminal trespass and theft .
that driver was rescued and survived . charles lattimore , of chesapeake , said he and about 30 other truck drivers on the eastern shore were cleared to cross before he learned of the crash on the radio . the medical examiner ’ s office ruled chen ’ s death to be accidental . there was a problem saving your notification . it is certainly a tragedy any time we lose someone . that crew responded in an mh-60 sierra and pulled the driver out of the water . stay with wavy.com for updates to this developing news . the cause was drowning and hypothermia .
the biggest city-center protest was in london , where black-cab drivers were joined by private car services and trainees to protest what they saw as the government ’ s failure to hold uber to the same standards as other car services and taxis . " this about an all out assault on our profession , our livelihoods , " said max small , a driver of one of london ' s black taxis for 34 years . san francisco-based uber technologies inc. in paris , taxi drivers slowed traffic on major arteries into the city centre during the morning commute .
they then used that data in models of good , bad and neutral years for the birds ’ reproduction and ultimate survival . now , research suggests that at least some of darwin ’ s famous finches might soon be driven to extinction by parasitic flies introduced to them by humans in the 1960s . brown with speckles is just one egg color/pattern combo , as these reed warbler eggs reveal . while adult p. in the wild , a hunter would have a hard time finding such an egg . the story that those birds inspired the theory of evolution has long been doubted .
both are untrue , he said : yankee farmer ’ s doesn ’ t produce veal , and diego , who was born outside in chilly weather , was returned to his mother shortly after he was dried off . but the video also attracted a fair amount of negative attention from animal rights supporters . ( ap ) — so much for sharing the good news about a newborn calf named pitcher diego . the page has 174 “five-star ” ratings and 191 “one-star ” ratings as of tuesday , with only a handful of three- and four-star ratings in between .
she was left hanging by the necklace which led to her death . the content on this page is provided for reference purposes only . difrancesco , 86 , of new cumberland , died on friday , february 12 , 2016 in her home.she was a retired employee of the federal government with 25 years of service and a retired clerk for the pa dept . relatives had last spoken to her on feb. according to philips lifeline , the device is used primarily by seniors living independently , who feel they are at risk for falls or other medical emergencies .
photograph courtesy onur güntürkün whistled languages , although unusual , have been around for centuries . , ” which in turkish is “taze ekmek var mı? houses balance on steep hillsides beside tea fields and hazelnut orchards . all are based on spoken languages : kuşköy ’ s version , for example , adapts standard turkish syllables into piercing tones that can be heard from more than half a mile away . story_separator_special_tag javascript is disabled you need to enable javascript to use soundcloud for güntürkün , whistled turkish was not only a fascinating cultural oddity but also an exciting natural experiment .
he has his cell to himself , and there is a toilet and sink in the cell . norman seabrook , president of the union that represents corrections officers , said strauss-kahn did or said something during that evaluation that made doctors concerned . strauss-kahn is being held without bail before his next court appearance , scheduled for friday . ( associated press ) guards at new york city ' s massive rikers island jail complex are taking unusual precautions to make sure imf chief dominique strauss-kahn doesn ' t come to any harm behind bars . famous feuds : gwyneth vs.
the study being published today speaks to why a bigger focus on reproducibility is necessary . thirty-six percent of replications had significant results ; 47 % of original effect sizes were in the 95 % confidence interval of the replication effect size ; 39 % of effects were subjectively rated to have replicated the original result ; and if no bias in original results is assumed , combining original and replication results left 68 % with statistically significant effects . reproducibility is not well understood because the incentives for story_separator_special_tag reproducibility is a defining feature of science , but the extent to which it characterizes current research is unknown .
dulle ’ s mother , beth , of cincinnati , said of ono ’ s statement : " it ' s amazing that he was willing to share that to help other people . he attempted suicide again in his late 20s . learn more students now can have the five free counseling sessions . he had hanged himself . charles w. ” dr. this is a very courageous thing to do. after the event , ono took to social media . “for him , such a public person , to come out . in a week when uc remembers a student who died by suicide in 2014 , ono said he wanted to send the message that depression is treatable , and sufferers can move on with life .
but republicans challenged that decision in court wednesday , saying the voter had selected every other republican on the ballot and intended to vote for yancey . that their rematch was so close was seen as another example in virginia of a rebuke to president trump . a survey of states in 2014 by the washington post found that 35 had provisions for breaking ties by means of chance , though often the particulars are vague . " we were not planning simonds and pledged to share power in bipartisan fashion . your notification has been saved . hoskins said .
a lot of ambulances showed up to take away people who were not okay to stay at the concert , " a concert-goer said . boston ems said most of the patients they saw were between the ages of 16 and 25-years-old and no injuries were serious . " these concerts should be outside ... an investigation is under way . " i ' m very shocked . we just heard about this , " pam jones told whdh . his other hit songs include " hey brother " and " levels , " which was nominated for a grammy for best dance recording last year .
— #signyak ( @guentzelvania ) june 2 , 2016 burger king ' s attempt to make the whopper a tad more healthy ? story_separator_special_tag add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . we ’ ve reached out to burger king to see if the new menu item is the brain child of rogue franchisees or if the mash-up came from the company . very disappointed . whopperito . thought it was a whopper minus bun plus tortilla . here ’ s a first look at the whopperrito which is currently available at a burger king in hermitage , pa.
beijing/taipei ( reuters ) - the united states should not allow a delegation from taiwan to attend u.s. president-elect donald trump ’ s inauguration , china ’ s foreign ministry said on wednesday , raising a new bone of contention in beijing ’ s relations with the incoming government . , january 14 , 2017. china has never renounced the use of force to bring taiwan under its control , and proudly democratic taiwan has shown no interest in wanting to be run by beijing . it is typical for taiwan to send a delegation to u.s. presidential inaugurations .
“it ’ s kind of a win-win situation for palau and the investor. story_separator_special_tag the president of palau has proposed a new law that will allow only five-star hotels to open up on its islands , essentially closing them to all but the wealthiest visitors . next story : marshall islands struggle to restore web use #newsfromelsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via twitter . " there ' s a right way to do things and there ' s a wrong way to do things , " he says , adding that when it comes to development , " the best spots around the world have blended in with the environment " .
the justices on monday rejected arguments that the law covers only intentional acts of abuse and not those committed in the heat of an argument . the case involved two maine men who said their guilty pleas for hitting their partners should not disqualify them from gun ownership . one ... a federal appeals court ruled against the men . story_separator_special_tag washington ( ap ) — the supreme court is upholding the broad reach of a federal law that bans people convicted of domestic violence from owning guns . the dispute drew interest from advocates for victims of domestic abuse who say the law applies to reckless behavior as well as intentional misconduct .
the militants have been blamed for several other recent attacks , including an assault on villages near chibok on sunday that killed at least 40 people , and a bomb attack on a busy shopping district in nigeria ' s capital , abuja , last week . who are boko haram ? the defence ministry said they had also arrested women from the intelligence cell . kwada is 10 kilometers ( six miles ) and kautikari seven kilometers ( four miles ) away . officials say 219 girls remain captive . boko haram extremists are demanding the release of detained fighters in return for the kidnapped girls .
” doping entrenched in russia in the task force ’ s report to the iaaf council , it made clear how entrenched the culture of doping is in the country . ► that no rusaf officials , athletes or support personnel take part in international competition or iaaf affairs . “it was unambiguous. a strong and effective anti-doping infrastructure capable of detecting and deterring doping has still not been created. noting significant progress toward satisfying verification criteria being monitored by an iaaf task force , rune andersen , chair of that group , said several other criteria have not been satisfied .
we ’ ll own a civil war in a broken country . as of these hours , the obama administration is story_separator_special_tag all the signs are they ' re going to do it again . and what we are about to get is what we get , predictably and always . an op-ed in today ’ s times tells him not to mind various laws and treaties , or rather the lack of applicable ones . depending how you cut the cake , the looming bombardment follows onslaughts on sudan , afghanistan , iraq , libya and mali , as well as a string of murderous drone assaults on yemen , somalia and pakistan .
about “hail mary ” “hail mary ” is in keeping with the baroque themes of the makaveli album , and also features some impressive verses by pac ’ s little homies , the outlawz ( which is rare ) this song is said to be recorded in july 8th 1996 in 30 minutes . #news @pontifex @catholicnewssvc doyouknow ? " but that ' s exactly what churchgoers in sri lanka saw in booklets at a carol service on december 11. the blows like a twelve-gauge shotty. ( @iamravindu ) december 25 , 2016 " a lot of people were in shock as whether it was a joke or someone would actually rap the song , " he told cnn .
" the man called police when he got home , and shabani was arrested on suspicion of mayhem and disorderly conduct while armed . incident report for case #2017-460207 incident type arrested person incident date 12/22/2017 - 2 : 16 pm address 627 state st. ( ruby ' s salon ) arrested khaled a. however , his cut soon went south . your notification has been saved . 22. " [ the victim ] was starting to bleed when the ' zero ' was used to cut a close path down the middle of his head , leaving him looking a bit like larry from the three stooges , " despain said .
rockies shortstop trevor story became the first rookie in major league history to homer in his first four games and just the fifth player since 1900 to homer in four games to start a season . " he ' s come out of nowhere , " kemp said . he ' s playing like a hall of famer right now . ' ' cooperstown already has story ' s helmet and batting gloves . and this isn ' t a product of coors field . your browser does not support iframes . san diego was outscored 25-0 while getting swept by the dodgers .
sure , comparing trump to the characters in a world in which the good guys often get decapitated and no one ' s innocence lasts for long is a bit harsh . submit it here . titled " winter is trumping , " the clever clip by huw parkinson uses real trump footage and speech audio and merges it almost seamlessly with key game of thrones scenes . this data is currently not publicly accessible . but as this video shows , it ' s hard to deny just how well the would-be president might fit into the ruthless world of the seven kingdoms .
rebel negotiator abdullah kanshil said tuesday that tribal elders want assurances that the rebels will not take revenge , and are trying to persuade gadhafi loyalists to lay down their arms . a journalist from a private radio station in agadez said he saw " a convoy of several dozen vehicles crossing the city and heading towards niamey " , the niger capital . copyright © 2013 afp . all rights reserved . some members of gadhafi ' s family , including his wife , his daughter aisha and two of his sons , recently sought refuge in algeria .
jonathan trappe , a balloonist who had been attempting to cross the atlantic ocean but was forced to land in a remote area on newfoundland ' s west coast , was picked up on friday afternoon by a helicopter that had been chartered by cbc to conduct an aerial survey of the area . learn more , including about available controls : cookies policy it ' s not the destination i set out for , but it ' s kind of the way with real adventure — adventure isn ' t what you planned on , it ' s what you find , and that ' s what we have today .
in a statement thursday , the union said it reached a decision " weeks ago " to " assist the van dyke family . story_separator_special_tag ... nbc 5 ' s christian farr reports . garry mccarthy on dec. this is nothing new , ” he said . the union would do the same for any chicago officer and have hired dozens of people who are in no-pay status , angelo said . van dyke is accused of shooting 17-year-old laquan mcdonald 16 times in 2014. . . van dykes has been suspended from the department without pay .
oliver stone ’ s the putin interviews is not that documentary . ” showtime is touting the series as offering “unparalleled access to the most controversial man in the world … in his own words. strangelove , ” stanley kubrick ’ s 1964 comedic masterpiece about nuclear apocalypse , with russian president vladimir putin . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . there are certain natural cycles. while putin expounds on favorite subjects including u.s. geopolitical overreach , he ’ s also shown staring stone-faced at the classic cold war doomsday satire dr.
the clarion nightsnake was found on the pacific island of clarion in mexico by a researcher from the smithsonian institution in washington dc . it is now recognised as a full species . " basically , following those directions , we essentially put ourselves in his place , " martinez gomez said . he returned with one snake preserved in a glass jar . the tests showed it is most closely related to snakes from mexico ' s sonora-sinaloa coast more than 500 miles ( 800 kilometers ) away . and they used beebe ' s original field notes as a guide .
the fire hydrant was also missing , police said . story_separator_special_tag parsippany -- police say a fluid trail and a broken yellow fire hydrant led them to the driver responsible for a hit-and-run crash on edwards road on tuesday . moreno was located at a nearby diner and placed under arrest . police say 27-year-old township resident domingo moreno has been charged with criminal mischief , hindering apprehension and tampering with evidence , and was turned over to federal immigration officials . it wasn ' t known saturday if he ' s retained an attorney . police are investigating the cause and other details of the crash .
" he went back to his room . " warrington said the pair met in junior high shool and secretly wed when pat was 16 and gene was 18. " eight hours after gene died , his wife passed away . " he said ' life ' s not going to be fun anymore , ' " the son told the associated press on wednesday . they were never apart . dec. " both had been in hospice care . he laid down and decided to die . 27 in findlay , the advertiser-tribune in tiffin ( http://bit.ly/1byspgq ) reported .
by far and away the republican who would pose the greatest threat to chambliss in a primary , if he changed his mind about running , is herman cain . just one more thing ... lindsey graham ( r-s.c. democrats are also expressing interest . john barrow . sen. we have sent you a verification email . " this will be a top priority. " the debt-ceiling debacle of 2011 and the recent fiscal-cliff vote showed congress at its worst and , sadly , i don ’ t see the legislative gridlock and partisan posturing improving anytime soon .
" story_separator_special_tag posted : may 14 , 2012 11 : 51 am updated : may 14 , 2012 2 : 55 pm source : assumption parish photos video continuing coverage : swamp people star ' s death belle river - deputies in assumption parish confirmed that mitchell guist from the history channel ' s show " swamp people " died this morning . rip mitchell . sheriff mike waguespack said the incident occurred around 9 a.m. in st. for the folks that don ' t understand that , feel free to get your fill of snookie [ sic ] instead .
tunisia ' s embattled prime minister said sunday that he ... huge protests on friday and saturday , anti-government protesters held huge rallies calling for mr ghannouchi ' s resignation . in this undated photo is the newly named tunisian prime minister beji caid-essebsi . ( associated press ) tunisia ' s former prime minister mohamed ghannouchi , center , is seen with tunisia ' s interior minister farhat rajhi , left , and gen. he was speaking at a news conference in tunis , after making a lengthy speech defending his record in government . " i am not ready to be the person who takes decisions that would end up causing casualties , " he added .
he already left the fold of islam by doing that . his younger brother and alleged accomplice , dzhokhar , is in fair condition at a boston hospital . nbc ' s jeff rossen reports . in the days since two deadly bombs and the separate shootings that followed brought boston to a standstill , the region ' s muslim community has loudly condemned the violence and distanced itself from the suspects . " he should be buried according to the religious tradition he adheres to . dutch ruppersberger , d-mich. , friday , which resulted in four deaths and more than 170 injuries , are still unknown .
police found shortey and the teenager in the hotel room early march 9 , according to a police report on the investigation . " the unanimous vote stripped him of most of his privileges at the capitol , including his office and parking space . would you be interested in ' sexual ' stuff ? re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access . they have three children . he had no comment . sen. gov . mary fallin , lt. " it is not acceptable . shortey has been a senator since 2010 and has championed law-and-order issues .
authorities are looking for a man who posted a series of messages on twitter , threatening to shoot students and place pipe bombs inside orange county schools . ( video from fox 35 orlando ) caption increase in orlando police department ' s use of force . at liberty middle school in southeast orange , 379 of the 1,186 students enrolled missed thursday . and at college park ' s edgewater high school , 174 students out of 2,092 were absent , up from 46 in 2015. " every investigative lead is being aggressively followed in order to identify and locate the subject making the threats , " said fbi special agent amy pittman .
according to a large study published today about how income and geography shape life expectancies , a poor person living in the san francisco area can expect to live about three years longer than someone making the same income in detroit . smoking is banned at restaurants and bars — as well as in workplaces , at bus stops , throughout public housing , at charity bingo games and even inside stores that sell tobacco . but what mortality data were obtained from social security administration death records . the analysis yielded 4 results . results the sample consisted of 1 408 287 218 person-year observations for individuals aged 40 to 76 years ( mean age , 53.0 years ; median household earnings among working individuals , $ 61 175 per year ) .
this election has just done to brand what the last election did to clegg : exposed that his powers of persuasion over the little people are nothing more than a guardianista fantasy . and it showed friday . ( may 8 ) ap an exit poll that predicts the conservative party led by prime minister david cameron will win 316 seats in parliament is projected onto bbc broadcasting house in london on may 7 , 2015 . the british pound was rising versus all major global currencies and the u.k. but britons have bedeviled expectations . for now markets love political steadiness .
in interviews on australian television , the pair broke their silence following saldanha ' s death last week in london , as 2day fm ' s owner said it was cancelling their show and stopping all hoax calls by its broadcasters . we are shattered . " we had the idea for a simple harmless call . " we don ' t claim to be perfect and we always strive to do better . " and i remember my first question was , was she a mother ? the djs , mel greig and michael christian , who were impersonating queen elizabeth and prince charles , called the hospital tuesday and gained some information about the condition of catherine , duchess of cambridge -- which they subsequently played on air .
that ’ s still partly true , but it ’ s important to note that the clinton-era shutdowns took place against the background of a booming economy . with each passing day , making our debt payments to businesses and governments around the world would become more and more difficult . no sane political system would run this kind of risk . why ? first of all , hitting the ceiling would force a huge , immediate spending cut , almost surely pushing america back into recession . job growth slowed . house republicans have not . o.k. the most terrifying speech i ever wrote for president obama was one he never gave .
diallo had sued strauss-kahn in the meantime , with her lawyers saying she would get her day in a different court . french media reported on friday that mr. , moved to dismiss the seven-count indictment , and a judge dropped the charges . that could prevent the two from speaking publicly about a may 2011 encounter that she called a brutally sudden attack and he termed a consensual " moral failing . taylor iii declined to comment . vance jr. ms. photo the parties are scheduled to appear next week before justice douglas e. diallo , 33 , and strauss-kahn , 63 , crossed paths when she arrived to clean his luxury manhattan hotel suite .
" he loved going away with his mates -- it was always the best two weeks of the year , " said hare , 25 . he left £ 50,000 to his favourite charity for injured marines as well as a sum to his family . david hart took out life insurance before he was killed in a bomb blast while on patrol in the town of sangin , in lawless helmand province . dad chris told the sun : ' since his death , all of his friends have been round to see us . view their fundraising page here .
" the situation in bangkok is worrying , and it ' s a somber backdrop to our discussions , " singaporean foreign minister george yeo said at the summit ' s opening . demonstrators wednesday had been keeping a promise to intensify protests unless vejjajiva dissolves parliament . on tuesday , abhisit spoke on television saying the rallies violated the constitution . explainer : what are the protests about ? he remains hugely popular . lawmakers who were inside the parliament building as the protesters began arriving made a quick exit , some climbing over fences . asean hopes to advance its goals of forming a european-style economic community by 2015 and promoting development across the region .
for nearly seven years , wati ' s parents believed their daughter had died when a tsunami hit indonesia ' s aceh in december 2004. it added that reporters were not immediately told what had happened to the girl during the time she was away . the news service writes that the girl was seen in a coffee shop where she sat in silence , and people had thought she was a beggar . antara reported wednesday that the girl ' s grandfather , ibrahim , met a teenager who had traveled from another region , banda aceh , saying she was trying to find her way home .
” “it ’ s an antique , ” ervin said . corrections spokesman jerry massie said the electric chair is in storage . he was granted a stay of execution after lockett ' s death and is now scheduled to die on november 13. “i ’ m not sure where it is. can ’ t imagine they would use one that hasn ’ t been used in 50 years. story_separator_special_tag you are the owner of this article . ” but he added : “there is not much possibility of that , unless lethal injection is declared unconstitutional .
" i was like , ' i can drive better than this , ' ” mackenzie said . they sent kearney police on a hunt to find the rental car they were in before they would embark onto the interstate . the kids said it was the scariest moment of their lives . jason behrens blew three times the legal limit when arrested . " when a car passed , you could hear how close it was , you could hear the metal , " said 12-year-old ethan behrens . the children have a message for the officers . mackenzie and ethan behrens , 14 and 12 , texted police in southern nebraska after their father allegedly began driving drunk .
coli 0157 : h7 seen in this outbreak is different than the one identified in the large outbreak in spring 2018 linked to romaine from the yuma growing region , it does appear to be similar to the strain that caused a smaller outbreak linked to leafy greens that occurred story_separator_special_tag if you have a recalled food item in your refrigerator , it ’ s important to throw out the food and clean your refrigerator . sixty-six percent of ill people were female . dna fingerprinting was performed on e. nov. step 3 – wash removable parts wash shelving , drawers , and any other removable parts by hand with warm , soapy water .
updates who will be captain america ? of the original contenders , two are still in serious contention : mike vogel ( cloverfield ) and garrett hedlund ( tron : legacy ) . paramount pictures will release the film july 22 , 2011. story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser marvel has slightly expanded its search — adding actors that i ’ m told include chris evans , who already logged marvel comics superhero time as johnny storm/human torch in two fantastic four films . exclusive : marvel studios and director joe johnston want to be really sure they ’ ve found the right actor to star in the first avenger : captain america .
the china ' s national health and family commission is now working on a tobacco control law with clear punishments , according to xinhua . but prevalence has plateaued , remaining nearly unchanged since 2006. prevalence is defined as the percentage of the population that smokes every day , adjusted for age . “change in tobacco prevalence typically has been slow , underscoring what a hard habit it is to break , ” said emmanuela gakidou , professor of global health and director of education and training at the institute for health metrics and evaluation , in a news release .
even among people with the same demographic profile , republicans are slightly more likely than democrats to say they are happily married . at least at the regional level , blue families — that is , families in areas that vote democratic in presidential elections — do not have an advantage . it ’ s mostly wrong . now mr. sure . so the survey difference could be due to the fact story_separator_special_tag photo advertisement continue reading the main story w. forty percent of democrats are currently married , versus 57 percent of republicans.1 forty-seven percent of ever-married democrats have been divorced , compared to 41 percent of ever-married republicans .
but for the folks who need it , it works. ” no new infections " what ' s really exciting about hiv prevention in 2015 is that we have options , we have several tools that we can use , " volk said.the study suggests that hiv is very close to being managed like any other chronic disease , such as diabetes or asthma . latest news videos now playing : now playing defense secretary mattis issues clear warning to north korea buzz60 john legend casting out of shape actors to play trump supporters in his new music video buzz60 blind usc player makes snap during usc game ktvu special moment at piner high school vs.
" it ' s one of the worst cases we ' ve ever seen . song also allegedly shot the defenseless animal with a pellet gun . young song , 40 , of pasadena , appeared in court thursday and pleaded not guilty to felony animal cruelty , but authorities say they have surveillance video of the heinous crime . ndillon@nydailynews.com the dog is now missing and presumed dead . if convicted , he could face several years in state prison . " it ' s extremely shocking and heartbreaking , " hillary gatlin , a community relations associate with the pasadena humane society told the daily news .
assad said . story_separator_special_tag baghdad iraq has " solid information " that al qaeda militants are crossing from iraq into syria to carry out attacks and has sent reinforcements to the border , the foreign minister said on thursday . in discussing the incident with cumhuriyet , mr. a memorial service was planned there for friday . newsletter sign up continue reading the main story please verify you ' re not a robot by clicking the box . invalid email address . “they all miscalculated. gen. ” it would be impossible to revive his mission without a cease-fire , general mood said .
" she said . she and her dad loaded up a wagon with three cases of girl guide cookies and they walked a few blocks to the nearby cannabis store . ' " he said . he also said that smoking is normally harmful for her , so this was “the one day she could benefit from smoking. story continues after video . ” she said . " we thought , ' where can we go to sell them? " i think it ' s wonderful . childs said elina has cystic fibrosis and the brownies program has been important to keep her active .
advertisement update 5 : lulzsec ' s put out a further clarifying tweet , this one more conclusive than the last : ryan cleary is not part of lulzsec ; we house one of our many legitimate chatrooms on his irc server , but that ' s it . news a 19-year-old man has been arrested by the metropolitan police central e-crime unit following an investigation into network intrusions and distributed denial-of-service attacks against international businesses and intelligence agencies . zdnet uk on facebook zdnet uk on facebook interested in joining the discussions on open source , broadband or security ?
it could also lead to other changes on the borders britain and france imposed on the middle east a century ago , starting with break-up of iraq on sectarian lines . " we are not contemplating ground troops , " he said . its invasion and occupation of iraq in 2003 helped create and strengthen jihadist groups . when attacked by insurgents in several cities this week , iraqi soldiers surrendered without a fight . what went wrong ? before ... one resident in tikrit , saddam hussein ' s former hometown , told the ap news agency that fighters raised posters of the former dictator after driving the army out .
the light is used to excite an electron in the atom . imagine , for example , a grandfather clock , whose pendulum swings back and forth denoting time . " the ytterbium optical lattice clock has demonstrated a groundbreaking , new level of clock stability , " he said . 22 issue of science express that the ytterbium clocks ' tick is more stable than any other atomic clock . and it is a major step in the evolution of next-generation atomic clocks under development worldwide , including at nist and at jila , the joint research institute operated by nist and the university of colorado boulder .
anyone with information in reference to this incident is encouraged to contact the odessa police department or odessa crime stoppers at 432-333-tips . “it made me sick , ” mckee said of the theft . mckee and hicks ’ other loved ones had left the funeral home shortly before the woman showed up at about 5 : 27 p.m. friday . i hope they catch her. not in a million years. the woman walked in asking where the restroom was but went into the room where the casket was instead , vallie said . the suspect is described as a heavy-set white female wearing a brown long sleeve sweater , black sweat pants and black sandals .
republicans on the house intelligence committee voted monday in favor of releasing a classified memo that alleges misconduct by senior fbi officials involved in the russia probe , despite objections from the department of justice . " we have crossed a deeply regrettable line on this committee , " schiff said . trey gowdy ( r-s.c. 23 , 2018 , file photo , sen. collins on sunday , jan. devin nunes , a california republican , pushed for its disclosure . 28 , said president donald trump would be ... gowdy also wanted nunes to let deputy attorney general rod rosenstein see the memo too , but he did not join them sunday .
the democrats gave us that law . advertisement trump ’ s attorney general , jeff sessions jefferson ( jeff ) beauregard sessionsmigrants told they ’ ll be reunited with children if they sign voluntary deportation order : report christie : trump ' enormously ill-served ' by doj on ' zero tolerance ' policy ' occupy ice ' protests emerge across the country more , enacted a “zero tolerance ” policy at the border last month , mandating that everyone apprehended illegally entering the u.s. will face criminal charges . none of this is accurate . but house speaker paul ryan and others are emphasizing a different aspect of the bill .
“this is a gift to the believers , ” said the rev . and now it is both our obligation and privilege to pay it forward by celebrating that visit and opening that message to anyone and everyone who answers the call . as instructed , ms. ” catholic leaders described the decree in wisconsin as a bolt of joy at a trying time for the catholic church , which is troubled by revelations of sex abuse . on dec. “we ’ ll definitely be coming back. champion , wis. young , whose sons have served in the middle east .
she said savvas savopoulos told her in person wednesday that his wife had plans to go out , but said in the voice mail left that night that amy savopoulos had been sick in bed all day . d.c. police checking surveillance video in neighborhood where four found dead d.c. police will examine any surveillance video from the neighborhood around the house on woodland drive nw where four people were found dead in a burning house thursday . the husband was trying to get a new martial arts center in chantilly , va. the fire took about 30 minutes to extinguish .
bannon , who served as trump ' s senior white house strategist until he was fired in august 2017 , left as the head of breitbart news -- roughly one week after quotes critical of trump and his family went public in michael wolff ' s blockbuster book , " fire and fury . “fox news will not be hiring steve bannon , ” a network spokesperson said . read more " breitbart news has decided to end its relationship with stephen k. he became a naturalized u.s. citizen in 1985. bannon , therefore he will no longer host on siriusxm since our programming agreement is with breitbart news.
the end-permian extinction , which took place about 250 million years ago , is the most severe of five known mass extinction events . that would have caused the oceans to acidify this may have pushed the environment past a tipping point by sending even more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere . washington ( reuters ) - sometimes bad things come in small packages . second , a surge in volcanic activity led to a sudden influx of nickel , a vital nutrient that helped the microbes proliferate . while land plants survived , almost all forests disappeared . " that suggests a microbial expansion .
( reuters ) - u.s. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing president donald trump ’ s executive order restricting immigration from seven muslim-majority countries . some people who were initially told they would be deported were allowed to enter the u.s. they included a 21-year-old woman with dual iraqi and jordanian citizenship who had come to the u.s. to be with her fiance and a 67-year-old woman with yemeni citizenship who had come to live with her son because she was very ill. maryam kanna reuters/aaron p. kennedy international airport . ___ 8 : 20 p.m. protesters shouting " ban trump " have descended on miami international airport to show their opposition to president donald trump ' s travel ban .
the plane was 1,700 feet in the air at the time , police said . ba said it would give the police " every assistance with their investigation " . the airbus a320 aircraft was examined and cleared for its next flight and a spokesman for london ' s metropolitan police said monday that no arrests had been made . play facebook twitter google plus embed from aug. 13 : drone nearly crashes into medivac helicopter 2 : 03 the incident is part of a snowballing trend . , the federal aviation authority said pilots reported more than 650 drone sightings in the first eight months of last year , up from 238 during 2014.
" he realizes it was a severe and morally reprehensible action , but he violated no laws , " mansoor said . some republicans have criticized the administration ' s response to the attack and have speculated that the timing of petraeus ' departure may have been linked to the congressional inquiry . david petraeus , top u.s. commander in afghanistan and incoming cia director , greet former cia director and new u.s .... broadwell allegedly saw kelley as a rival . must watch gen. john allen . sen. 11. petraeus came up , " obama told reporters at the white house .
" i go from frustration to anger , ' ' dugan said . they brought in the dogs and called in the swat team . 9 homicide of brian mitchell . " to hear there was a third victim , and for him to meet anthony naibo story_separator_special_tag tampa , fla. do not assume this is a black person , " dugan said . police officers who were flooding the area because of the two previous murders heard the gun shots , dugan said , but arrived too late . “we instantaneously had a perimeter set up last night .
they said layne had offered to take in jonathan hoffman for his final year of school in 2011. defense attorney jerome sabbota said layne was " devastated " by the verdict and is sorrowful over her grandson ' s death . as she was being led out of court , her wrists handcuffed to a chain around her midsection , some family members sitting with her 87-year-old husband , fred , waved in a show of support . i ' m going to die . ___ ap reporter mike householder contributed to this report . layne said hoffman demanded $ 2,000 and a car to flee michigan .
is accused of killing his parents with a hammer . " the teen ' s parents , blake and mary jo hadley . the officers found the parents ' bodies in a locked bedroom beneath furniture that had been piled into there from other rooms in the house , the affidavit said . " hadley , of port st. " after he told me i didn ' " everyone was just having a fun time . laughing around . lucie , fla. details of the double murder emerged as tyler hadley ' s attorney mark harllee filed a not guilty plea .
messages were found in nuevo laredo threatening the gulf cartel , which has joined sinaloa to battle the zetas . police found 18 dismembered and beheaded bodies inside two vans in an area frequented by tourists near the city of guadalajara in western mexico , authorities said wednesday . she told investigators that the kidnappings were " a repercussion of what happened in tamaulipas . the bodies appear to have been refrigerated after death . photos of mexican drug cartel violence . some were so badly mutilated that police have still not determined their gender . a woman who was allegedly watching the captives was detained .
authentic signature “they are very different from pure-bred dogs genetically because they are free-breeding , so in a genetic sense , they are a natural population. ” that departs from earlier studies that pinpointed europe as where dogs were domesticated , although more recent work puts the location in southern china , just 1000 kilometres from the area boyko ’ s team proposes . it makes them particularly important when studying dog evolution . but the dna of modern pooches doesn one key factor was largely neglected in previous studies , however . a new genomic study , published today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , offers up strong evidence that domesticated dogs originated in central asia , around modern day nepal and mongolia .
" so instead of losing the food , we said let ' s cook the food and give it away to people that need it . muncheez is open for business . bell says he hasn ' t eaten in three days . now his family is living in a public park with thousands of others where food is hard to come by . notice you must log in to continue . at one restaurant on the outskirts of town , neighbors are helping neighbors . story_separator_special_tag haitian eatery serves up taste of hope amid despair enlarge this image toggle caption tamara keith/npr tamara keith/npr two weeks after the earthquake in haiti , the situation is still desperate for many .
facebook can , however , cover the cost of employees ’ food if they dine in restaurants that are open to the public . neither facebook nor google responded to requests for comment . ” after leaving office , kasperzak went on to work as a consultant for wework , the large new york operator of co-working spaces . facebook twitter pinterest facebook ’ s headquarters in menlo park . staffing the cafeterias became a booming business for the formerly sleepy field of corporate catering . the daily banquets at big tech companies — fresh-made omelets for breakfast , hand-rolled sushi for lunch , braised chicken and kale for dinner — have become legendary .
story_separator_special_tag a spanish bungee jumping instructor ' s " poor english " contributed to the 2015 death of a dutch teenager who leaped from a bridge before her rope was attached , a judge has said , ruling his employer will face prosecution . it was 8 : 30 p.m. but ms. the harness she was wearing had not yet been secured to the bridge . vera mol , 17 , died in august 2015 when she jumped from a viaduct on a highway in cantabria as part of a group trip organised by a local adventure sports company .
" sheriff ' s detectives are actively investigating this case and are working around the clock to determine who is responsible for this horrific crime , " santa barbara county sheriff ' s spokeswoman kelly hoover said in a statement . weidong “henry ” han . han provided traditional treatments including acupuncture , acupressure and herbal formulas from an on-site chinese pharmacy , according to the website . ] : authorities have released the names of three homicide victims found wednesday evening at 4640 greenhill way : dr. phone calls by thursday afternoon , foothill kindergarten families were consulting the school psychologist about how best to discuss the incident with their children .
the family said in the review that the care for their dogs " was fine . a $ 1 million lawsuit filed by a dallas pet-sitting company against a plano couple who wrote a one-star review has been dismissed . non-disparagement clauses are questionably legal conditions inserted into contracts and agreements that try to prohibit consumers from freely expressing their opinion on a transaction . 2015. california recently outlawed such clauses and a bipartisan bill that would make them illegal nationwide is waiting for congress to return for a vote . a couple in plano , tx , hired a local petsitting company to look after their dogs and fish while they were on vacation .
meanwhile , police detectives say they don ' t know if the woman will survive the attack . he is being held on $ 1 million bail and is scheduled to appear in court on wednesday . ' " the suspect , identified in documents as casey henderson , 21 , was arrested and booked him into the king county jail for investigation of domestic violence assault , jamieson said . both he and the victim are students at the university of washington . the woman was then rushed to harborview medical center with life-threatening injuries . officers forced open the door and pulled the man off the woman .
target disclosed on december 19 that it was victim to one of the biggest credit card breaches on record . “we ’ re not going to rest until we understand what happened and how that happened. day three was about preparation . while four days may seem like a long time for consumers to learn their sensitive account information was at risk , steinhafel argued that it was lightning speed from target ' s perspective . ” the company declined to say precisely when it first came to suspect its systems might have been compromised . making our environment safe and secure .
her 25-year syndication run ended in may but she still managed to earn more than anyone else on the list ( $ 165 million ) thanks to her empire of spin-off shows ( dr. the celebrity 100 is a little different . then in 2010 the singer landed a judge ' s chair on american idol . say what you want about the sisters , suddenly a single mother , lopez lapped up the media attention and scored lucrative endorsement deals with companies like l ’ oreal and gillette . winfrey had a rough 12 months . earnings consist of pretax gross income .
the company said in its statement that it “expects its employees and contractors to work with the utmost integrity and professionalism. bigge said freestone had been removed from the camp fire recovery effort . arrb uses innovative technology , which includes a series of lasers , to assess the current status of our roads . but since freestone was operating outside of his responsibility of a cleanup worker when taking the photos , gates said those rules might not protect freestone . another showed him jumping on a burned-out trampoline with the caption : " trampolines are stupid .
in a statement provided to the daily beast , ms. now he has launched a new crowdfunding campaign using my face and name without my permission and attributing words to me that i never wrote or said . i have personally sacrificed an enormous amount of money , time and energy toward assisting her because i believe in her . thank you for supporting me . cohen alone . mr. rather than agree that the nda is invalid , thus allowing me to talk , mr. “michael has been a great advocate in many ways .
mr maezawa will not land on the moon . “he ’ s a very brave person to do this , ” musk said of the japanese entrepreneur . " the mission is planned for 2023 , and would be the first lunar journey by humans since 1972. the bfr has never flown , but mr musk has released some technical details about it . these masterpieces will inspire the dreamer within all of us , " he told reporters . " the announcement was made at spacex ' s headquarters in hawthorne , california , on tuesday .
but the survey ' s director said the questions may not have captured the opinion of people who opted out of colorado travel because of legal pot . " he now calls it " extremely influential " and serves on the board of a cannabis tourism company , the paper reports . therefore , it ’ s safer to story_separator_special_tag partygoers listen to music and smoke marijuana on one of several days of the annual 4/20 marijuana festival , in denver ' s downtown civic center park , saturday april 18 , 2015 . ( helen h. louis and other cities .
a member of ' women of the wall ' group ( 2nd r ) wears a prayer shawl and tefillin , leather straps and boxes containing sacred parchments , that orthodox law says only men should don , during a monthly prayer session at the western wall in jerusalem ' s old city may 10 , 2013. holy site zionist rabbis vs. two policemen were hurt . add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . however , the rabbis stressed there is no need to act provocatively or violently .
" they are inviting the broader physics community to look at what they ' ve done and really scrutinize it in great detail , story_separator_special_tag image caption enormous underground detectors are needed to catch neutrinos , that are so elusive as to be dubbed " ghost particles " a meeting at cern , the world ' s largest physics lab , has addressed results that suggest subatomic particles have gone faster than the speed of light . ( associated press ) this undated file photo shows famed physicist albert einstein . if it does not , one of the pillars of modern science may come tumbling down .
century 21 ’ s take-back , she claims , deprived her of the “full benefit ” of the $ 5-off coupon . " i ' m a mom . it says gerson paid cash and got the $ 5 off . that ' s right , 80 cents . " gerson ' s lawyer , harry katz in fresh meadows , queens , did not return repeated calls to his office . gerson , a hat designer who sells her creations from her suburban home , flipped her lid . gerson has " been injured as a result of defendant ' s fraudulent conduct , " the lawsuit states .
! four paws usa is releasing a podcast called the fou story_separator_special_tag image copyright afp image caption lula the bear was suffering from pneumonia when found at the zoo in february the only surviving animals of mosul zoo have been rescued from appalling conditions in the war-torn iraqi city . ... almost six months of fierce fighting has caused many civilian casualties , and hundreds of thousands of people have fled their homes . dr amir khalil speaks to bbc world service two weeks later , their first attempt to fly the animals out had to be aborted after a lorry carrying them was detained at a checkpoint .
’ is so close to the american president that obama calls him ‘bro ’ . he discovered the modern way of calculating long division and hated it . a domestic emergency forced david cameron to roll up his sleeves and stick his arm down a u-bend in the pipes at his oxfordshire house . ‘unblocking a lot of drains is not my strong suit but the kitchen , bathrooms , everywhere ... relationship between washington and westminster as “stronger than it has ever been , privately and in public , � ? ‘we always , on christmas morning , have the stockings opened all in our bed .
’ the offending tweet : oliver hudson posted this picture of his father bill , and sister kate on father ' s day an undated photograph of bill hudson and goldie hawn - they went on to have two children together and as if to rub salt into bill ’ s wounds , oliver , too , posted a picture of himself with kurt , adding the words : ‘happy father ’ s day , pa. but he has maintained a dignified silence – until now . @katehudson. thank you . " brie larson burst onto the scene with her critically acclaimed performance in .
shirvell ' s personal opinions are his and his alone and do not reflect the views of the michigan department of attorney general , " cox said in the written statement provided by his office to cnn ' s " ac 360 " tuesday night . for the latest from ac360 ° click here . " armstrong has supported gender-neutral housing at the university for transgender students who haven ' t had sexual reassignment surgery . cnn senior legal analyst jeffrey toobin says armstrong may have grounds for a harassment case . use guest mode to sign in privately .
" it is the first time scientists have studied the brain responses specifically of people who identify as having hypersexual problems . while viewing the images , the volunteers were monitored using electroencephalography ( eeg ) , a non-invasive technique that story_separator_special_tag photos by andy lyons/getty images , andrew kelly/reuters , vincent kessler/reuters , and caroline mccredie/getty images does sex addiction really exist ? degrees of sexual compulsivity did not predict brain response at all . “we expected the brain response to sexual stimuli to be consistent with other a new study published in last week ’ s journal of socioaffective neuroscience and psychology suggests that maybe it doesn ’ t — bad news for celebrities like tiger woods and russell brand who have made it trendy in recent years to claim a clinical addiction to sex as an explanation for sexual misbehavior .
, it was over : the hunley had thrust its spar-mounted torpedo into the housatonic ’ s hull and within seconds , 60 kilograms of black powder had caved in the ship . but how she made lance . hunley , a 40-foot-long confederate submarine , sank to the ocean floor off charleston , south carolina , on february 17 , 1864. an exhaustive new analysis suggests these pioneering submariners didn ’ t drown or suffocate as commonly believed , but instead died from the shockwave triggered by their very own weapon . we also gratefully acknowledge funding provided by the us army muri program ( u penn prime — w911nf-10-1-0526 ) partially supporting cameron bass .
three years later , she became a co-host of abc ' s story_separator_special_tag new york city mayor michael bloomberg stopped by “the view ” on monday and praised abc ’ s barbara walters for making “a difference in how journalism - and particularly tv journalism - is done today ” after she announced she will retire next summer . ... so if you but i don ’ t want to appear on another program , i don ’ t want to climb another mountain . there will be special occasions , and i will come back , i ’ m not walking into the sunset .
a woman died and 84 people were hospitalized monday after smoke filled the l ' enfant plaza metro station in the nation ' s capital . it was accompanied by an image of a fake newspaper headline that stated , " train traffic tragedy . up until about 6 : 30 p.m. " they had to evacuate us through the tunnel and walk back through the front . ” newsletter sign a netflix rep declined to comment . flanigon said . " people could barely breathe , " passenger denzel hatch said . no electricity , no visibility , nothing .
" matrau-belt said she sees a lot of her fiance ' s personality in her young son already . i just didn ' t know that it was my fiance and my mom . matrau-belt was still in labor saturday and got an epidural . the first time we agreed on a name was friday . shortly after she had the scare , she contacted her fiance and told him to head to the hospital . ... the car hit a tree , killing skokan , 34 , and nichols , 53. " unexpected delivery jeremiah came into the world a bit unexpectedly .
, police dressed in riot gear had to move in and disperse a crowd at sherman blvd . " we are concerned for his safety , " flynn said of the officer , who was not identified . the disturbances came as the city coped with the aftermath of saturday night ' s violence that followed a police shooting of an armed suspect . several protesters were handcuffed and taken into custody after they refused repeated requests to leave the area . don ' t bring it here . by 1 : 30 a.m. auer ave. and hadley st.
and tmz has learned it appears to be a suicide.25-year-old battle was a singer in the girl group ... simone ' s incredible talent was only surpassed by the size of her heart , " g.r.l . " our thoughts and prayers are with her family and loved ones at this time . they were excited about their songwith founder robin antin . tweeted on sept. 6 . frank micelotta/fox/picturegroup/frank micelotta/invision/ap simone battle performs onstage while competing on ‘the x factor ’ in 2011. , whose debut self-titled ep was released on july 29 through kemosabe records/rca records .
( the boston globe via ap ) ( associated press ) this image shows a portion of a satirical front page of the boston globe published on the newspaper ' s website on saturday , april 9 , 2016. it is an exercise in taking a man at his word . trump ’ s vision for the future of our nation is as deeply disturbing as it is profoundly un-american . names like paul ryan and mitt romney have come up . if trump were a politician running such a campaign in a foreign country right now , the us state department would probably be condemning him .
perhaps it was in the washington post ’ s recent addition of it to the paper ’ s style guide . using " his or her " feels unnecessarily clunky , but in her essay , fadiman objects to using " their " as a singular neutral pronoun — " the disagreement between pronoun and antecedent is more than i can bear , " she writes . ( pronounced “mix ” ) in the times back in june , standards editor philip b. microphones will be mics . john e. why did we wait so long to make the changes ?
lee said . the emergency landing comes two weeks after a southwest airlines plane made an emergency landing in philadelphia after an engine exploded and a blew out a window in a deadly accident . “when that outer pane fails , although it ’ s going to startle somebody , ” it is not dangerous , he said . there were no reports of injuries . learn more story_separator_special_tag mr. airplane windows typically have multiple acrylic layers . lee said he expected investigators to be able to determine what had happened fairly easily . , said plane windows are built to weather that kind of damage .
" mr. and mr. loughner spotted him from a distance in a wal-mart parking lot and repeatedly shouted " trash people ! loughner is reluctant to greet the public and will try to coordinate the release through the local sheriff ' s office , mr. " they ' re hurting real bad , " mr. there are no words that can possibly express how we feel . he said he believes randy hasn ' t worked since jared was born . mr. mr. mr. mr. stephen woods , who lives next door , had run-ins with mr.
initially , bruno was in dire condition and the dog ' s survival was in question . that ’ s when they brought him to saskatoon . “now he ’ s like a different dog . wagging his tail and playing with a squeaky toy on thursday , bruno seemed to be doing well , but cindy said he ’ s still not 100 per cent . 17 from the family ’ s farm near hitchcock , southeast of regina . 14 , when john took their other two dogs for a walk and one of them stood over the abandoned well , refusing to move .
" in a split second he was on me . revellers from around the world flock to pamplona every year to take part in the eight days of the running of the bulls . i pulled down my pants and there was blood . " it was a tranquil bull run , " hospital spokesman tomas belzunegui said . ( ap photo/alvaro ... none were life-threatening injuries . " despite his run-in , hillmann says his love for the chaotic and treacherous spectacle of pamplona ' s rampaging bulls hasn ' t wavered . ” hillmann , 35 , explains he immediately went into shock , which blunted the pain .
hawaii ’ s governor has warned that mass evacuations may be required as more fissures open in the ground and spew lava and gas into semi-rural residential areas on the east flank of kilauea , one of the world ’ s most active volcanoes . " we ' ve ... in addition , acid rain damages vegetation and causes tools , barbed-wire fencing and items that can rust to do so a lot faster . gov . university of hawaii meteorologist and professor steven businger said the rain is not dangerous . by late friday night or saturday morning , tradewinds should be back , helping to push the vog out to sea .
she said : “i knew it was mark . “finally , in the book of malachi , i read , ‘i hate divorce , ’ says the lord god of israel. “he came home scared , telling me that to make a name for himself he had planned to kill lennon . but she told how she has still been allowed to have sex with him during prison visits in a caravan on the grounds . he was 22 and a ­maintenance worker at castle medical center in kailua . the couple met in early 1978 in hawaii .
' " gentili said he was aware of the shooting . " i answered the phone as i always do : ' news 13 , this is matt . “yes , i ’ m getting calls , ” gentili said . " i will never forget the words he said to me , " gentili said . sharing with viewers the horror taking place just a few blocks down the street became gentili ' s first priority — until a phone call made him pause . but it was ... gentili knew something wasn ' t right . he was speaking so fast .
/ updated by andrew blankstein a pennsylvania man has been charged in the hacking of apple and google accounts belonging to more than 100 people , many of them celebrities , officials said on tuesday . collins case will be transferred to harrisburg , pennsylvania . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . between nov. 2012 and sept. this is the first arrest in connection with the security breach . the charge carries a maximum of five years in prison , but prosecutors will recommend a sentence of 18 months , the u.s. attorney ' s office said .
” the artwork — 6 ” -by-8 ” oil on board — is watterson ’ s contribution to the team cul de sac fundraising project for parkinson ’ s research . “just the fact that this is first art that we have seen from him in 16 years is just so exciting , and what a great cause. ... strippedfilm.com calvin and hobbes fans , rejoice ! hmmmm . dave sent me a rough cut of the film and i dusted the cobwebs off my ink bottle. fox foundation — is the brainchild of north carolina-based web and print designer chris sparks .
a senior white house official said wednesday that he would resign after his two ex-wives accused him of physical and emotional abuse , with one presenting pictures of her blackened eye . ' as has always been our policy when it comes to security clearances , we holderness ' s revelations follow dailymail.com ' s exclusive interview on tuesday evening with porter ' s second wife , jennifer willoughby . porter functioned as chief of staff john f. the fbi did not respond to a request for comment . i am deeply grateful for the opportunity to have served in the trump administration and will seek to ensure a smooth transition when i leave the white house .
" in order to allow for healthy hip development , legs should be able to bend up and out at the hips . this article covers : swaddling describes the practice of wrapping babies , from the neck downwards , entirely in a cloth or thin blanket , with the aim of pacifying or calming them . ) swaddling is great . " jane munro , of the royal college of midwives , said it was a " seemingly innocuous " thing to do , but it posed " significant problems " for the baby . i , for one , remember with a feeling almost approaching fondness the moment during parenting class when i had to demonstrate for all assembled how to swaddle a doll in a theoretically sound manner .
manny alvarez , senior managing health editor of foxnews.com , said surviving a gunshot wound to the head is rare , but not unheard of – and giffords is in for a long fight . he kept missing the brain . hollow-point bullets that shatter are especially dangerous , as the fragments can spread into a larger swath of brain tissue . arizona rep. dr. linda lopez , confirmed the bullet entered giffords ’ head at her temple and exited through her forehead . “it all depends on where the bullet goes , ” he said .
san jose police arrested ramineh behbehanian , 50 , late monday . as a precaution , hutson said that the starbucks store in san jose pulled all of its remaining juices from the open-air refrigerator and destroyed them . behbehanian is facing attempted murder charges after authorities say she tried to sneak orange juice ... " this person was heads-up enough and reported suspicious activity , " dwyer said . police are still looking for a motive . police haven ' t revealed whom , if anyone , might have been targeted . , sgt . the customer immediately alerted a store manager , apparently spooking behbehanian into leaving , but not before an employee got a glimpse of her license plate , police said .
" the victim , a sophomore , had left the dance and was drinking alcohol in a school courtyard with a group when she was attacked , police said . " it just shocked the conscience of responding officers . " the girl knew at least one of the assailants , the 15-year-old boy , investigators said . " " this is the worst thing i ' ve heard of , " said greco , who has been in law enforcement for 29 years . according ... they said mark gagan said tuesday . 27 , 2009. as many as two-dozen people saw the rape without notifying police .
what they found , over two seasons of observation , was a group of almost a million worker ants whose lives are so strange that they hesitate to call them a " colony " in the observations they just published in the journal of hymenoptera . the soviets built the bunker during the cold war to store nuclear weapons , sinking it below ground and planting trees on top as camouflage . except , of course , that this situation is far from normal . but do these ants give up in despair ? temperatures rarely hit 50 degrees , even in the summer .
" a spokesperson for united said : " flight 3411 from chicago to louisville was overbooked . passengers filmed the incident , and the man can be heard screaming in captured footage . the plane required the seats for flight crew members , who were needed in louisville in order to arrive in time for their next flights . we are also reaching out to this passenger our team is moving with a sense of urgency to work with the authorities and conduct our own detailed review of what happened . the video , posted by audra d. but , was there a better way ?
business insider declared the name " terrible , " with one columnist writing that he ' d heard rumors of the name " but dismissed it immediately , " thinking that apple would have the foresight to predict a landslide of menstruation mockery . itablet ? ( did they not see " madtv ' s " ipad parody in 2007 ? are you there god ? why ? or glance at twitter . ask any female . it ' s me , steve jobs . the wii went on to break retail records , selling 600,000 units in its first eight days .
their study -- " marital characteristics and the sexual relationships of u.s. older adults : an analysis of national social life , health and aging project data " -- is published in the journal archives of sexual behavior , the official publication of the international academy of sex research . " as to why " remarrieds " have less frequent sex than those in first marriages , " it may be that those who have been married in the past may not have as strong of a sense of permanence or lasting investment , " stroope said . ###
you build a spite house . but that ' s not true . it happens when anger has hardened , you ' ve polished it shiny , and you ' ve fallen in love with it . there is a spite house at 2022 24th avenue east in montlake . in legalese - forgive me - an act like that is called a " malicious erection . or ... the house , which is currently up for sale , was originally built in 1925. your trust is our main concern . the spiter won : the neighbor moved .
protesters echoed the chants of 2011 ' s historic 18-day uprising . the protesters , mostly led by liberals and secularists , are using the anniversary to stage a show of strength in a bid to force president mohammed morsi to amend a disputed constitution drafted by his islamist allies . " leave ! " our revolution is continuing . arsonists attacked at least two state-owned buildings as symbols of government were targeted . we reject the domination of any party over this state . clouds of tear gas filled the air . the clashes injured scores of opposition protesters .
an air force pilot died when his plane crashed during a training mission tuesday northwest of nellis air force base . specific information on the aircraft involved in the crash is classified and not available for release , said maj. the capital gazette newspaper in annapolis , maryland , reported ( https://goo.gl/61qnq9 ) that schultz was a 1991 graduate of annapolis ( maryland ) high school and his parents , linda and larry schultz , live in annapolis . base spokesman tech . sgt . col. lt. david l. we are all deeply saddened by this loss .
" my thoughts and prayers are with his family and his colleagues at brigham and women ' s hospital during this difficult time , " mayor walsh ' s statement read.boston police identified the shooter as 55-year-old stephen pasceri of millbury.millbury police lt. three shots had been fired altogether.the incident happened just after 11 a.m. in the shapiro cardiovascular center.the hospital was briefly placed on lockdown . or try to take a life ... sign up thank you for signing up ! marguerite e. michael j. 15. evans said . “dr . linkedin ( left ) ; telegram &amp; gazette a preliminary investigation suggested dr.
login with your lww journals username and password . " we want to break these substances out of the mold of the counterculture , " doblin told the new york times , " and bring them back to the lab as part of a psychedelic renaissance . you ' ll get easier access to your articles , collections , media , and all your other content , even if you close your browser or shut down your computer . dependency in adult patients following early maternal bereavement . please try again soon . indeed , the results were not statistically significant .
akron , ohio -- after police officers killed people in missouri , new york and cleveland , akron is distributing cards to middle and high school students to advise citizens on how to behave when stopped by police . ' it ' ll put them in a better position , " clark says . the cards are getting lots of praise from adults , but they ' re now heading out to a tougher audience . schultze / wksu m.l . he says the kids wanted to see more than protests . " this is almost a preventative measure , " hall says .
hodgkinson maintained a social media presence that was pro-bernie sanders and anti-republican . none of the victims injured in the attack were on the list , the law enforcement source said . hodgkinson , who was killed on wednesday morning in a shootout with the police in alexandria , va. the daily caller first reported that hodgkinson had a note listing members of congress on his person . would you like to proceed to legacy twitter ? " read more mo brooks of alabama , jeff duncan of south carolina , and trent franks of arizona . house majority whip rep.
" we do not know whether the particles we found could also move across into the fetus , but our evidence suggests that this is indeed possible , " dr. in august , research revealed that air pollution causes a “huge ” reduction in intelligence , while in 2016 toxic nanoparticles from air pollution were discovered in human brains . the new research examined the placentas of five non-smoking women who all delivered healthy babies . i avoid busy roads when i walk to the station. these cells are part of the body ' s immune system and tackle harmful particles such as bacteria and pollution particles , and are key in helping to protect the placenta .
“i couldn ’ t begin to guess where those words came from , ’ ’ he said , before hazarding a guess that they might come from the sections on peace negotiations , which were left out of the first versions of the report that were leaked . so was leslie h. it sounded like a job for twitter , if not for its large community of indiscreet intelligence analysts , then because 140 characters seemed just about right for 11 words . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . today , we are declassifying some of the highlights , compiled by my colleague here .
to enable cookies , follow the instructions for your browser below.facebook app : open links in external browser there is a specific issue with the facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set . turbo coffee steve benington , owner of viscous coffee , developed the drink for a local emergency room nurse who needed something to keep her going during unexpected night shifts . a large ass kicker has five grams of caffeine and is recommended to to be consumed over a three to four hour period . " i have a quite detailed talk with people before they actually purchase one .
my only theory - as well as many others - is simple ... ‘i have been studying this footage for over a year now and i just can ’ t explain it . a time traveler on a mobile phone . click here to see more out-of-place objects in movies . ‘some people have come up with a few theories but to me her actions and gestures are those of someone talking on a mobile. see for yourself and feel free to leave a comment on your own explanation or thoughts about it . one theory put forward so far is that the device is a hearing aid , although explanations as to why she might be talking into it have been less forthcoming .
’ ” after the incident , the nypd ’ s bomb squad was called in to confirm whether it was a firecracker that caused the explosion and not something more sinister . relatives identified the injured man as 18-year-old connor golden of fairfax county , virginia . " i would guess that he would love to continue at the university of miami and sports , " said roberta golden . #centralpark scene has started to thin out . lori bordonaro reports . , according to police . mark torre likened the explosive to an experiment that an enthusiast with a rudimentary understanding of chemistry could build from household materials .
bush and laura bush portraits . prior to the historical association ’ s founding in 1961 , there was no organized effort to produce a line of presidential and first lady portraits for the white house itself . it ’ s fairly standard issue : bush stands in the oval office , his hands on a chair , with a look that roland barthes noted decades ago is typical of political portraits . sometimes things don ’ t work out – lyndon b. former president george w. monkman . at least , not all taxpayers do . after clinton won reelection , mrs.
graham , a u-va. police said she had been socializing with friends earlier in the night but left the group with plans to meet up with them later . you can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 5 free articles , or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information . graham , 18 , of fairfax county , va. please click below to get started . story_separator_special_tag in this nov. jesse l. matthew jr. 12. matthew also is facing charges related to a sexual assault from nearly a decade ago .
for much of obama ’ s first four years in office , the pair seemed to be at loggerheads — particularly after the supreme court ’ s 2010 citizens united decision upheld corporations ’ right to spend money on elections . the committee said three women have previously sworn in presidents and vice presidents : judge sarah t. roberts jr. 21. 20. “i did it , ” he told her . the president will also seek to cement his legacy with sweeping domestic changes , pledging to achieve both an immigration overhaul and stricter gun laws despite opposition from a divided congress .
in the lawsuit filed in hamilton county tuesday , the woman is suing uc medical center , an employee named ryan rawls , another unnamed uc employee who ' s believed to be a nurse , and the woman ' s ex-boyfriend , raphael bradley . " she was absolutely devastated . story_separator_special_tag . should any patients ask questions about the story or raise concerns about their phi , please assure them that we strictly enforce our policies to safeguard their privacy . that is the most private of private medical information that was posted on facebook and went out to a group on facebook that had a huge dissemination , " allen said .
in response , trump claims wilson ' s account is “totally fabricated ” but johnson ' s mother supports wilson ' s version of events . yes , they took a risk , " the soldier says . la david johnson became separated from the other soldiers . hundreds of bullet casings and bushes stained with blood are evidence of just how intense the fighting was at the site where the group of american and nigerien soldiers came under heavy fire . " patta asks . the niger incident has been described as an “intelligence failure ” by the republican senator john mccain , who blamed it on budget cuts .
it landed in the middle of the pound , and then it was a matter of limiting the damage . woods started out with his name high on the board , right next to steve stricker , who went on to tie a major championship record with 63. not since the final round at bay hill in 2007 had woods made at least three double bogeys in one round . " he ' s back ! johns creek , ga. he is due to play down under again in november . looking serious as ever when he walked onto the putting green to begin warming up , dressed in a deep coral shirt and blank pants , close to a sunday look .
" " it was a long and difficult trial and deliberation process for all involved . daniel holtzclaw , 29 , stopped the women while out on patrol in oklahoma city and forced himself on them . the defense team filed for an appeal in court just watched former police officer convicted of sex crimes replay more videos ... protesters repeatedly gathered outside . he cried when the verdicts were delivered last month . many of the women had arrest records or histories of drug abuse . the judge at today ' s sentencing hearing denied that motion . jan.
fabris says , " edison himself thought they were unpleasant . talking toys occupy a horror subgenre so established that it ' s led to parodies . now , new technology has made hearing them possible for the first time in decades . ( for example : here ' s a shrieking recitation of " a child ' s prayer " that you will never unhear. " she says we ' ve probably freaked ourselves out with dolls for as long as we ' ve used dolls — in ritual and in play . story_separator_special_tag published on may 5 , 2015 thomas edison ' s talking dolls contain some of the oldest surviving voice recordings .
” “great interview on story_separator_special_tag close the hamilton county coroner said wednesday she found no signs of broken bones on otto warmbier ’ s body , nor did she find that his teeth had been disfigured while he was imprisoned in north korea as his parents claimed this week . lakshmi sammarco told a news conference at her corryville office . warmbier died days after arriving back in the united states . more : what killed otto warmbier ? 11 shows the cause of death for the university of virginia student as complications from brain-damaging oxygen deprivation through " an unknown insult more than a year prior to death .
4 , 2013 report written by officials at the smithsonian and chicago history museum concluded there is inadequate documentation to support either assertion or to say categorically that lincoln even owned the hat . &#124; rich hein/sun-times maybe it ’ s just a hat . “it is delicate , and too much exposure to light and fluctuations in heat and humidity can damage it , so we don ’ t often have it out in public , ” chris wills , communications director , said in an email to the chicago sun-times . bruce rauner ’ s administration while lobbying unsuccessfully for state subsidies earlier this year .
" - follow the ticker on twitter : @politicalticker since joining the campaign in mid-april , grenell ' s short tenure has been marked by controversy involving his twitter account , as well as heavy criticism of grenell ' s sexual orientation from some on the conservative right . i want to thank governor romney for his belief in me and my abilities and his clear message to me that being openly gay was a non-issue for him and his team . update ( 3 : 10 p.m. how fast and how publicly will richard grenell decamp from romney to obama ?
on sunday night , toronto police announced that its homicide team was leading the investigation , and that “the cause of death for both deceased was ligature neck compression. what happened to barry and honey sherman ? " looking forward to getting together in florida . ” the couple ’ s real estate agent found their bodies hanging by their indoor pool , according to a person close to the family and local news reports . sherman , 75 , the founder of generic pharmaceuticals giant apotex inc. 12. sherman may have killed his wife and then took his own life .
" the time has come to do more , " he said . she added that germany saw spending on development in countries in africa and elsewhere as being as vital to security as military spending . the conference marks the first major meeting between the trump administration and leaders from across europe since trump took office . mr. media playback is unsupported on your device media caption mike pence : " with regard to ukraine ... in a thinly veiled warning , pence said that while the us was bound by nato ’ s article five – an attack on one member would be an attack on all – he also reminded the audience that article three contained a commitment to sharing the financial burden , echoing trump ’ s warning last year that he did not feel bound to come to the defence of countries that did not pay their share .
numbers have gone from around 155,000 in 1985 to 97,000 in 2015 according to the international union for the conservation of nature ( iucn ) . while everyone worries about elephants , earth has four times as many pachyderms as giraffes , said julian fennessy scientists blame habitat loss . the iucn red list now includes 85,604 species of which 24,307 are threatened with extinction . some populations are growing , mainly in southern parts of the continent . because the giraffe population has shrunk nearly 40 percent in just 30 years , scientists put it on the official watch list of threatened and endangered species worldwide , calling it " vulnerable .
mr. trump . trump and his lawyers contend that mr. trump ’ s campaign . mueller ’ s office , without evidence , of trying to frame mr. his approach also extends to his public portrayal of the negotiations with mr. giuliani has shifted the terms ( and deadline ) of a trump-mueller interview more than once since joining trump ’ s legal team . director fired by mr. ’ s handling of the hillary clinton email investigation buttressed their case . he hired mr. but mr. mr. mr. mr.
” “after that , ” mr. bay was injured in the attack , as some reports said , and that in fact the director had fended off a man “who was wielding an air-conditioning unit as a weapon. he actually bit into one of the guards nike shoe , insane . but it took seven big guys to subdue him . yes , the story is being passed around is not all true ! he didn ’ t like that answer . every vendor where we shot got paid a fair price for our inconvenience , but he wanted four times that amount .
in winograd ’ s previous studies , participants reliably reported that their personality changes when they imbibe , but experimental evidence for this kind of global change was lacking . they recruited 156 participants , who completed an initial survey gauging their typical alcohol consumption and their perceptions of their own " typical sober " personality and " typical drunk " personality . louis . after drinking , participants reported lower levels of conscientiousness , openness to experience , and agreeableness , and they reported higher levels of extraversion and emotional stability ( the inverse of neuroticism ) . over the course of about 15 minutes , each participant consumed beverages — some drank sprite , while others consumed individually-tailored vodka and sprite cocktails designed to produce a blood alcohol content of about .09.
the person vietze allegedly relieved himself on was an 11-year-old girl , whose father saw the incident and started yelling at vietze , said a witness . his name was bumped from the team ’ s developmental roster yesterday afternoon , although officials refused to comment about his status . “is anybody on this flight a nurse or a doctor ? ” with no volunteers , the flight crew kept the man calm and tried to tidy him up , again raiding the liquid-soap container . federal prosecutors ultimately decided not to pursue the matter and dropped the case , joren said .
where is this place ? but those with vivid memories of what happened to ellen ripley aboard the nostromo 33 years ago will find several points of reference in common with this latest iteration.aside from scott ' s expert first-time use of 3-d , the main differences between " prometheus " and those earlier films are that the new venture is more creepy than it is scary , and it ' s considerably more self-conscious about the ideas that lie beneath the action.although the director remains a master creator of alternate worlds , " prometheus , " unlike its predecessors , does not wear its themes lightly .
" later , she says , " you can say i ' m resisting arrest , " and put her father , who she was speaking with on her cellphone , on speaker to talk to the police , saying , " it ' s my right to stand on the street corner and make out with my boyfriend . so i requested a female officer story_separator_special_tag sgt . " they were f — ing . " people having sex in the car , no biggie . ' he was wearing two tourist bags around his neck and i assumed he had hers .
at a kkk rally in anaheim , calif. " regardless of an individual or groups ' beliefs or ideologies , they are entitled to live without the fear of physical violence and have the right , under the law , to defend themselves when attacked , " the statement said . still , lay writes , the council ’ s “actions reflected the kkk ’ s specific and general objectives. , one kkk member stabbed a counter-protester with the decorative end of a flag pole , setting off a vicious brawl where three people were stabbed , one critically , and two were assaulted .
ask participants in the program , and they ’ ll say it provides departments , particularly those with limited budgets like campus police forces , with necessary gear at very little cost ( colleges pay only for shipping ) . a woman who worked for the department but declined to identify herself said that the launcher had been repurposed to shoot flares but that the college no longer possessed it. it hasn ’ t left storage since . the 1033 program has received heightened scrutiny in the wake of protests in ferguson , mo . hinds community college — located in western mississippi , with a student population of 11,000 — had one too .
i was talking about hollywood and time ’ s up , not # metoo . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . a fortnight ago , bill cosby , … story_separator_special_tag you are on twitter mobile because you are using an old version of firefox . learn more here story_separator_special_tag i never said # metoo is a lie . rose mcgowan was mostly famous for starring in the cutesy supernatural tv show charmed . i ’ m so tired of erroneous sh*tstorms . ever . ugh . onwards . and then , exactly 12 months ago , news broke that the actress was one of eight women whom weinstein had paid to keep quiet about alleged sexual assaults .
image copyright thinkstock exposure to bright light can lead to greater sexual satisfaction in men who have low sexual desire , a new study suggests . the tallest of the skeletons uncovered measured at 1.9m youtube 8/23 nasa discovers 75,000 mile-wide hole in the sun sunspots are caused by interactions with the sun ’ s magnetic field and are cooler areas on the star ’ s surface . what is light box treatment ? scott birch . macroscopic solutions . wellcome images 6/23 baby hawaiian bobtail squid another wellcome images award winner , this time of baby hawaiian bobtail squid .
the statue was stolen from lyndonville in january 2016 and it was recently discovered in an apartment house storage area by lyndonville police chief jack harris acting on a tip . ( ap ) — a missing statue of the virgin mary stolen from a vermont nativity scene more than two years ago has been found unharmed and returned to its owner . ___ information from : the caledonian-record , http://www.caledonianrecord.com story_separator_special_tag it ' s the 2017 best of the kingdom ! a statue of the baby jesus that was stolen at the same time remains missing .
bacall , who had a legendary love affair with her first husband humphrey bogart and was also married to jason robards , was a lifelong dog lover . bacall said she wanted that money to be used for college . according to papers filed friday in manhattan surrogate ' s court , the actress set aside $ 10,000 for the care for her papillon . bacall and sophie were often seen by neighbors walking outside her $ 9 million apartment at the dakota on central park west . they ’ ll have access to the rest of the cash when they turn 30.
in the united states , a standard drink contains 0.6 ounces ( 14.0 grams or 1.2 tablespoons ) of pure alcohol . for now it looks as if logan circle and u street will continue to be safe for entrepreneurs who want to turn vacant storefronts and derelict structures into bars and restaurants . a guy named michael hamilton founded a counter-group called in my backyard — d.c . there ’ s just one problem with yglesias ’ more-bars plan : alcohol . binge drinking resulted in costs of $ 170.7 billion ( 76.4 % of the methods : this study ( conducted 2009-2010 ) followed u.s. public health service guidelines to assess the economic cost of excessive alcohol consumption in 2006.
evacuations were ordered below the lake tahoma dam in mcdowell county . act now to preserve your life ! roy cooper declared a state of emergency for western north carolina as a story_separator_special_tag mcdowell county update : a landslide has comprised the integrity of lake tahoma dam . mandatory evacuations underway from the dam at lake shore dr to lake tahoma rd ( nc 80 ) to the confluence of the catawba river near resistoflex rd and riverside park . if you are not threatened by floodwaters , shelter in place . gov . the twitter breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports .
" as such , on behalf of the bipartisan leadership and membership of both the house and senate , i respectfully invite you to address a joint session of congress on thursday , september 8 , 2011 in the house chamber , at a time that works best for your schedule , " boehner said . “they won ’ t mind. it ’ s intended to make obama look bigger than the republicans , to look bigger than politics . why ? tips@mediaite.com story_separator_special_tag there ’ s been some anger , particularly in conservative circles , about president obama delaying his big jobs speech .
at least one of the devices had a nine-volt battery attached to it , police sources said . in elm park on sept. story_separator_special_tag madman staten island bomber arrested after leaving three devices around borough : authorities the 54-year-old suspect was fueled by jealousy - his target was a man who lived on his block and recently married a woman the suspect liked , authorities said . in randall manor , officials said . 2 , in a suitcase on an uninhabited stretch of barrett avenue just behind the forest avenue shoppers town strip mall in port richmond .
the lawsuit , filed wednesday by bart ’ s parents , anna izabela palosz and franciszek palosz , claims school staff were well aware of bullying he endured at school for years , yet did not follow mandatory anti-bullying policies , a failure they claim contributed to their son ’ s death . " everyone is mean to him . he also began biting his hands in an effort to cope with stress and anxiety . " amoeba kills swimmer in oklahoma lake another wrote : " shoelaces tied together – stitches in head – hit w/ locker . no self advocacy .
" i refuse this nomination because i do not think it is the government ' s role to decide who is honourable , " piketty told afp . " they would do better to concentrate on reviving [ economic ] growth in france and europe . " capital , a book of almost 600 pages , sold half a million copies in english and was much-debated , particularly in the us . others to have refused the award include philosopher jean-paul sartre and radiology pioneers pierre and marie curie . ” mr. last year , cartoonist jacques tardi also turned down the legion d ' honneur .
" it ' s hard to not want to help somebody . the man who lost it told workers at a nearby store and they called police story_separator_special_tag a homeless man by the name of glen james found $ 40,000 yesterday and promptly returned the backpack with all of its contents . midlothian , va. check back soon for further information . this is a breaking news update . a complete stranger later started an online fund for mr james after reading media reports about his honesty . " the goal was to raise $ 50,000 but in one day , the site exceeded that goal and so a new goal was set .
in a video released wednesday , google offered some of its own ideas about what to do with the glasses . 27 by writing a post on google plus or twitter of 50 words or fewer with the hashtag #ifihadglass . a ballerina could stream live video behind the scenes and onstage , a tourist in thailand could ask google to translate “delicious ” while eating noodles on a boat or a family could video chat with a long-distance relative on her birthday . are you impressed with how google glass works ? let us know in the comments .
" i was aware of his background and i can ' t say i approve of treachery , but that was none of my business , " he said . image : sergei skripal and yulia skripal are in hospital after being poisoned . may wants west to develop long-term response to russia read more on wednesday , ireland became the 24th country to join the the uk in taking diplomatic action against the kremlin . it had been snowing and sergei asked his pal if they could use his four-wheel-drive pick-up truck . mr skripal , 66 , a military intelligence officer , had been convicted and jailed in russia for spying for mi6 .
" she ’ s a human . clegg was met at the school by police and took his own life after a shootout with officers . her actions " likely prevented a lot of lost lives , " police said . “he seemed cool , fine , not to stressed out about anything that ’ s why it was a shock to all of us . because of the tip , officials were able to lock down the school and police got there just as the shooter did . richmond is 66 miles northwest of cincinnati . no one else was hurt .
in 2011 , the only campaigns with real victory strategys were ron paul ' s and rick santorum ' s . " when he was in the senate , he was not a fiscal conservative . jon huntsman of utah , 2 percent . ( the departure of fantasy candidates , like mike huckabee and sarah palin , helped him out. the big reasons : herman cain and " heartless . " if romney wins , i ' m planting a farm and getting ready for the end of the world . in 2010 , rep. " do the math , " said perkins .
the project pairs one of cinema ' s most controversial directors with one of the most explosive news events in recent years — one that is ongoing . " he will have some deep-pocketed competition . he added that making such a film is " a real challenge . wilson . " the film is being produced by james bond producers barbara broccoli and michael g. " to me , snowden is a hero because he revealed secrets that we should all know , that the united states has repeatedly violated the fourth amendment , " stone said in a press conference at the karlovy vary film festival in the czech republic .
charlie sheen enrages 9/11 conspiracy group a group of 9/11 conspiracy theorists are threatening to protest in front of charlie sheen ' s live shows ... please check the url for proper spelling and capitalization . , try visiting the yahoo ! not bragging about smoking crack and sleeping with hookers . help central if you need more assistance . ' s online services . home page or look through a list of yahoo ! if you ' re having trouble locating a destination on yahoo ! search the web advanced search &#124; most popular please try yahoo !
from september 2015 to march 2016 , while zika infections peaked in el salvador , cases of guillain-barré doubled to 184 from 92. causes of gbs researchers do not fully understand what causes gbs . marcos a. “it ’ s pretty obvious that in all seven sites there is a clear relationship , ” said dr. these symptoms can last a few weeks or several months . no further details about the victim were provided . please try again later . invalid email address . thank you for subscribing . an error has occurred . kenneth c.
rhode island is hiking its minimum wage from that $ 7.40 to $ 7.75 . " it ' s not much , but it ' s something , " said olson , 16 , who works at wagner ' s european bakery and cafe in olympia . of the 10 states that will increase the minimum wage tuesday , nine did so automatically to adjust for inflation . 1 , nearly a million workers will benefit . rising wages vs. " an increase in the minimum wage eliminates that low rung on the ladder that people can step on to get ahead , " he says .
most are placed in institutions by families who are too poor to provide for them , or because of a lack of local education and health facilities , especially for children with special needs . the good news is that this is an entirely solvable problem . i knew the immediate shameful impulse to turn away , to hide the page , not to look . the solution is no institutions . story_separator_special_tag it was a black-and-white photograph in a newspaper . “how could that happen , ” they ask , “without the whole world knowing ? starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
wherever you are in your relationship , you should do a background check . no one has put a number on how much violence stems from dating sites , according to groups that keep track of rape and other violent crimes , like the department of justice ’ s bureau of justice statistics and the national center for victims of crime . ” ( industry professionals say that predators are usually men. story_separator_special_tag just met someone ? some states have considered similar legislation but ultimately rejected it . mr. scott , a former police chief in boca raton , fla.
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . please enable javascript to watch this video suffolk , va.
" that ' s not good , " he said.what started as a mosquito bite on his arm during the flood landed him in the er before a stay in intensive care.when he got there , he was quickly diagnosed with flesh-eating bacteria , and it was advancing so rapidly his heart rate was quickly dropping to critical levels . 15 of “flood-necrotizing fasciitis ” complicating blunt trauma of an upper extremity via an accident , according to the harris county institute of forensic sciences . shah nancy reed died sept. she is the ... david persse , director of the city ' s emergency medical services .
ukraine has accused russia of a " military invasion and occupation " — a claim that brought an alarming new dimension to the crisis , and raised fears that moscow is moving to intervene on the strategic peninsula where russia ' s black sea fleet is based . armed men described as russian troops took control of key airports and a communications center in crimea on friday . cnn crews in and around crimea ' s regional capital of simferopol , meanwhile , have not seen evidence of a ukrainian military presence . acting president oleksander turchinov ordered troops to be placed on high combat alert .
“it wasn ’ t a disruption , ” said kassandra melara , 14 . julie vitale read in part : " this action was taken in accordance with district policies . he ’ s a straight-a student . ” vitale said the student does not face any discipline for the incident and completed the school day . but , the school principal apparently felt it was inappropriate and told him to take off the costume . “i like to go all out. “i wore it for fun because i ’ m just one of those people , ” austin told ktla .
national corvette museum youtube national corvette museum youtube national corvette museum youtube meanwhile , the louisville courier-journal says there ' s no timetable at this point for when the cars will be removed from the hole and repairs are made to that wing of the museum . just 1-hour north of nashville and less than 2-hours south of louisville . as we reported earlier , eight of the iconic sports cars were sucked down into a hole about 40 feet deep . watch : cameras capture corvettes being sucked into sinkhole security cameras were rolling wednesday when a sinkhole opened up underneath the national corvette museum in bowling green , ky.
typically , a miniature empire state building after a jaunt to new york or a pashmina shawl found at a souk in dubai will do , but one entrepreneur from paris takes the concept of procuring a piece of the land quite literally , selling a range of hand-painted cobblestones that come directly from paris ’ s storied streets . witness of the life of parisians for more than 800 years . serie n ° 2 “my cobblestone may68 ” is over . coco chanel might have walked on this pavement of granite . here are some of our creations .
“i don ' t believe right now that she was intoxicated , ” said chambers ' attorney , tony coleman . coleman says the first thing he will ask for is a psychiatric evaluation and a competency hearing . chambers , 25 , is set to appear in court on monday , the stillwater police department said in a statement . she also reportedly suffers from insomnia and had not slept for three days before the crash . he was off to the side , " mcnitt said . no one saw her she was with her grandmother and aunt .
” mr. for a pun ! axelrod ’ s “holocaust and nazi imagery ” as “disturbing. maher is a strange one to make this argument , though , since it is so obviously self-serving . and they have a right to draw distinctions between the merely risque and the corrosively hateful , and to wish for higher standards , even from those who straddle the divide between politics and entertainment . ” if you see or hear something offensive , he instructs , just change the channel . karen santorum . ann romney . barack obama told the democratic national convention in 2004 .
the 9th circuit court of appeals in san francisco finalized the settlement after it was first approved by a judge last march following an appeal by sherri simpson , a florida woman who said she spent roughly $ 19,000 on trump university workshops . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . you can unsubscribe at any time . a " one-year apprenticeship " at the educational institute cost $ 1,495 ; a " membership " over $ 10,000 ; and " gold elite " classes ran $ 35,000 . simpson had wanted to opt out of a class action suit in order to pursue a separate suit against trump , but the court rejected that .
rick snyder ' s request for a disaster declaration . ( photo : getty images ) corrections and clarifications : this article has been updated to clarify the health experts recommend that all of flint ’ s children be treated as though they have been exposed to lead . the city opted out of detroit ' s water supply and began drawing water from the flint river in april 2014 , part of a cost-saving move . bernie sanders on saturday called on michigan gov . “there are no excuses . – u.s. sen. he did nothing .
?location wdt : p625 ?coordinates . ?battle dbo : date ?dates . click here to view this in a new window . other differences are due to the fact that we picked one location per battle and rounding of the latitude and longitude values . optional { ?subject rdfs : label ?label filter ( lang( ?label ) = " en " ) . so we queried the dbpedia sparql-endpoint to see what battles they have in store . after a bit of cleaning ( you can do this in open refine , or even in libreoffice calc or excel ) , we ' ve imported this set into nodegoat : you can use the timeline to scroll through time .
opposition marks the middle of the best time of year to see a planet . try catching both venus and jupiter at nightfall now . jupiter will also be at its closest tonight , meaning even those without telescopes can get a great view , geoff gaherty writes for space.com . starting at 6 am on march 8 , jupiter will directly oppose the sun , appearing to rise as the sun sets . just watched what is a solar eclipse ? although it has a solid core , jupiter is mostly made of hydrogen and helium gas . replay more videos ...
the latest petition , raised in response to a recent series of distasteful , divisive comments made by donald trump as part of his us presidential campaign , reads : “the signatories believe donald j trump should be banned from uk entry . but could such a plan even work ? just watched trump supporters defend story_separator_special_tag with thanks to suzanne kelly . ’ blocking someone from entering the uk on those grounds is not so far-fetched . ’ the number of people signing is rising very quickly . they say : " in 2010 robert gordon university awarded an honorary dba to mr donald trump , in recognition of his achievements as an entrepreneur and businessman .
the second-most noted death row execution yesterday will have at least one immediate consequence : inmates scheduled to die in texas will no longer be allowed to choose their final meal . lawrence russell brewer , who was executed wednesday for the hate crime slaying of james byrd jr. story_separator_special_tag just one more thing ... prison officials said brewer didn ' t eat any of it . we have sent you a verification email . more than a decade ago , asked for two chicken fried steaks , a triple-meat bacon cheeseburger , fried okra , a pound of barbecue , three fajitas , a meat lover ' s pizza , a pint of ice cream and a slab of peanut butter fudge with crushed peanuts .
the church ' s name comes from " kopimi " , pronounced " copy me " . the organisation believes that communication and sharing is sacred and needs to be respected . story_separator_special_tag since 2010 a group of self-confessed pirates have tried to get their beliefs recognized as an official religion in sweden . the church hopes that its official status will remove the legal stigma that surrounds file-sharing . prospective followers who embrace the same calling are of course welcome to join the movement , free of charge . a lot of people still worry about going to jail when copying and remixing .
he was 64. ” the skateboard story_separator_special_tag eric swenson , skateboard business icon , dies eric swenson , co-founder of the skateboard magazine thrasher , committed suicide june 20 , 2011. " toward the end , walking was kind of a struggle for him , " vitello said , who added that friends and loved ones can only speculate as to why he took his own life . he did things because he believed in them . related ... in 1978 , mr. the photo is undated . swenson shot himself around 8 : 30 a.m. without going inside the police station or talking to any officers .
senior adviser on trump ' s diplomacy : ' i can ' t keep up with the tweets ' read more “china steals united states navy research drone in international waters – rips it out of water and takes it to china in unpresidented act , ” trump said , misspelling “unprecedented ” . " it is ours . jeff davis , a pentagon spokesman , said friday . we express regret at this. donald j. a diplomatic complaint was issued by the us after its seizure , and its return demanded . he said that the usns bowditch carries some small arms , but that no shots were fired .
( ap photo/vincent yu ) ( associated press ) a woman watches a television broadcast of u.s. election in hong kong , wednesday , nov. the united states headed for the polls to vote for their new president on tuesday . “and the latinos ? while equity investors ’ election night panic turned to daytime jubilation , bond investors worried trump ’ s protectionist policies would ultimately weaken the dollar and hike inflation . but others have pointed out that withdrawing from nafta is not that simple . what terrible news. ” asked figueroa . 9 , 2016.
” “the task force will review the system of accountability , oversight and training that is currently in place for chicago ’ s police officers , ” according to a statement from the mayor ’ s office . the dashcam video of the shooting on oct. ) advertisement ( click prev or next to continue viewing images. more details were expected tuesday . van dyke has been locked up since nov. judge donald panarese jr. dean being released before trial . jabari r. 18. 12. 24. zimmer called monday a " challenging day .
" it was two bags that said bank of america and i thought , ' i wonder if it was from some type of bank robbery or something? she reported the money and the police were able to track down the owner . this can ' t be happening , ' " the sergeant said in an interview monday afternoon . san francisco , oct. " said chp golden gate division chief avery browne . she took a u-turn to pick them up and found a large amount of cash equalling more than $ 120,000 . " on too many occasions our personnel do not pause to be recognized as they feel they were simply doing their job .
___ 8 : 30 a.m. a texas mayor says hurricane harvey hit his coastal community " right on the nose " and left story_separator_special_tag houston -- hurricane harvey settled over southern texas on saturday , causing widespread destruction and dumping rain that will drench the southern part of the state for days . “we will continue to remain in close contact with port officials regarding their plans to re-open once the storm has passed , ” spokeswoman christine de la huerta said . all times are eastern unless otherwise noted . 25 , 2017. a neighbor found her body .
story_separator_special_tag could king harold have been buried at waltham abbey years after escaping his supposed death at the battle of hastings and fleeing to germany ? he believes the scan may reveal harold lived until 1090 , being taken to winchester to receive treatment . if everything backs you up in history books currently record he was wounded in the eye by a norman arrow and then hacked down by four norman knights at a turning point of british history on october 14 , 1066. a ground scan may be about to find out © wikimedia commons peter burke initially believed that the notion of king harold escaping thebloodbath , in which he is commonly thought to have been dismembered and even shot in the eye , was far-fetched.a historian who has lived within 200 metres of waltham abbey for the past 29 years , burke ’ s investigation began unwittingly while he was planning his latest book.“i was researching for the , ” he says.“i am a stonemason by trade and was interested in how some of the church and surrounding walls were constructed.“knowing stonework as well as i do , i ' ve seen so many constructions old and new and their style can reveal the skills - and sometimes the lack of skills - of masons in the past , as well as anomalies.“i found some interesting stonework around the abbey at waltham , and learned of a tale of a king who escaped the slaughter at hastings , which i wove into my story.“what surprised me was that , when i researched further into what i accepted at first as a fanciful tale , i began to realise there was possibly a story with some basis , in fact.“i found an interesting manuscript called theand felt compelled to look deeper into this , as a part of the tying up of loose story_separator_special_tag the geological survey company used to find the remains of richard iii is launching a search for the body of king harold ii in the grounds of waltham abbey church in essex , where the fallen monarch was supposedly given a burial .
kardashian west is a prolific user of twitter and snapchat story_separator_special_tag story highlights a ring worth $ 4.5 million and jewelry box worth $ 5.5 million were stolen kardashian west bound and gagged during an incident in paris with a gun to her head new york ( cnn ) reality tv star kim kardashian west has reunited with her husband and children in new york after a harrowing incident in paris where she was held at gunpoint and robbed by men dressed as police officers in a private apartment . please get home safely . no make up today .
he said he ' s talked to larking since the boston marathon bombing but doesn ' t think his friend comprehends what happened . she confirmed that among them were an alabama-based publication that uses a confederate flag on its website and a weekly publication that the southern poverty law center calls anti-semitic . rosenberg said tuesday the tsarnaev brothers got to know larking while substituting for their mother sometimes by helping to care for his wife . his 19-year-old ... mr. " ( they ) were seeing someone who was caucasian and was born in america who was saying the same things , " the attorney said .
" then , 36-year-old brian howard apparently started the fire in the control center basement , the affidavit said . laguardia airport in new york city had 56 on friday and 10 on thursday . " authorities have stressed all day they believe this was an isolated incident and that howard acted alone . ... and as far as being cooperative , i would say not necessarily . airlines at o ' hare canceled 1,550 flights and 470 at midway , the chicago department of aviation said at 8 : 45 p.m. friday . the documents don ' t specify his job title but said he worked in " telecommunications matters .
it is a new two-lane , color-coded process that will handle a staggered boarding call . " it ' s too congested , " said maria walter , united airlines ' managing director of global operations strategy . in a change that ’ s rolling out to united gates nationwide on tuesday , the carrier says it ’ s streamlining its boarding process . elite and other priority passengers in group 1 and 2 will load through lane 1 , while customers in group 3 , 4 and 5 will use lane 2. ( copa ) , aerovías del continente americano s.a.
the yes vote in dublin in the same-sex marriage referendum was particularly pronounced . " ireland , thank you . " it changes everything , the worries and fears i had as a young gay kid in ireland , they ' re all gone , " said ger o ' keefe , 27 , a ' yes ' campaigner from waterford . the yes vote prevailed by 62 to 38 per cent with a large 60.5 per cent turnout . senior politicians welcomed the result , with minister for health leo varadkar saying the overwhelming yes vote makes ireland a “beacon of light ” for the rest of the world in terms of liberty and equality .
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . " it found something loose and just pulled on it , " the aquarium ' s education manager tara treiber told the times . giovanni degarimore , owner of giovanni ' s fish market , is usually in the business of selling fresh seafood to customers in morro bay . but this 70-pound , eight-legged creature ( who he later named fred ) had a different fate . i would say intelligence means learning information and using the information that you ' ve learned .
“commissioner koskinen violated the public trust , ” chaffetz said . in past disputes . ) the committee ’ s top democrat , said in a statement . ” cummings added that there is no evidence koskinen did what chaffetz is accusing him of and said irs has spent $ 20 million and 160,000 employee hours cooperating with investigations . koskinen took over the agency in late 2013 after the scandal broke . ” rep. — vicki needham contributed . darrell issa ( r-calif. elijah e. holder jr. he resigned during the proceedings . the committee had previously called for koskinen to be fired .
lucie police officers nabbed the 12-foot , 120-pound burmese python friday after responding to reports of an extremely large snake on a block with homes . john holman found a dead cat and then found the snake hidden in waist-high brush . police said the python killed one neighborhood cat and may be responsible for the recent disappearance of several others . port st. saturday , august 9 2014 , 03 : 10 pm edt must see : large python that has been eating port st. police said the captured python belonged to an owner who had a license to keep it .
henry bello had a problem with . “the strange thing was that he was nice with me , ” added ahmed , who specializes in the early detection and treatment of dementia . instead , bello , dressed in a white medical coat to conceal an am-15 rifle , spotted dr. gun ! " i don ' t know why he put my name . she loved to teach us . tracy tam , 32 , briefly set fire to the nurse ’ s station and eventually committed suicide . he had vowed to return to the facility to kill ahmed — even leaving a series of email , text and phone threats — and tried to make good friday on his chilling pledge .
” story_separator_special_tag al-qaida claimed responsibility thursday for the kidnapping of a 70-year-old american aid worker in pakistan in august , and issued a series of demands for his release . police and u.s. officials have not publicly said who they believed was holding him , but islamist militant groups were the main suspects . weinstein ' s work also included importing dairy chillers to boost the productivity of pakistan ’ s milk industry . 13. during that time , mr. austin associates , inc. unidentified gunmen nabbed warren weinstein from his home in lahore , pakistan , just days before he planned to move back to the us .
the boy scouts organization has told a seattle-area church that it can no longer host a troop because the church has vowed to keep a gay man on as troop leader . corsaro , said monday that mr. rev . dr. monica k. “we are saddened by this development. mcgrath was there to stay , and so was the youth group he leads , though perhaps without the familiar uniforms and the scout oath . in an historic ballot last may , its 1,400-member national council voted to allow gay youth — but not adults — to join scouting beginning last jan.
the eyewitness says he joined about a dozen secret service agents and a few u.s. military specialists at a strip club in san salvador a few days before president obama and his family arrived in el salvador to meet with its new president , mauricio funes . this investigation is still fast-developing . " the recent investigation in cartagena has generated several news stories that contain allegations by mostly unnamed sources . sen. ” but wednesday , napolitano insisted that there was no evidence of additional misconduct . regardless of whether the incidents were previously referred to internal investigators , they need to be examined , " grassley said .
flynn said he “crossed no lines ” in his discussion with russia ’ s ambassador , but ultimately he was most concerned about the steady stream of leaks to reporters based on classified information . here are some key moments from that briefing . flynn found himself in a meeting that any white house official would dread . what exactly mr. face to face with f.b.i . this is a crime . " “they think they have blood in the water , they ’ ve got a scalp and they think they can get another and then another and then another and then another until finally they get trump.� ?
maduro said a helicopter fired on venezuela ' s supreme court in a confusing ... the helicopter then flew to the court and dropped four israeli-made grenades of " colombian origin " . the attack exacerbated an already full-blown political crisis in venezuela after three months of opposition protests demanding general elections and fixes for the sinking economy . dear brothers , we are speaking on behalf of the state . el helicóptero que atacó y disparó contra el tsj de caracas estaba pilotado por un tal oscar pérez . translation thanks to kalmahavak : venezuelans . one failed to detonate .
the ship ' s former captain , francesco schettino , is the sole defendant on trial in the tuscan town of grosseto . she told court that she helped other passengers to abandon ship before getting into a lifeboat herself . testifying through a translator , cemortan said she had worked on the concordia for three weeks in december 2011. he risks 20 years in jail if convicted . heads in the courtroom turned tuesday when cemortan strode in wearing high-heeled pumps and a figure-hugging black top and skirt . 29 , 2013. local press have speculated the captain may have been distracted by her presence , or even showing off .
related stories video : watch the world ’ s longest usable golf club in action video : largest collection of james bond memorabilia video : take a ride in the world ' s smallest caravan video : get blown away by the world ' s loudest bicycle horn story_separator_special_tag published on may 8 , 2015 is this the world ' s longest tongue ? lewish can touch her tongue to her elbow , nose and even her eye ( with a little help from her hand ) . nick stoeberl showcases all 10.1cm of his amazing tongue to snap up his tongue-tastic record .
roseanne ' s straight-to-series pickup will be abc ' s lone multicamera comedy on its 2017-18 schedule . the series has continued to air in reruns on tv land , cmt and logo . sarah chalke , who played the role of becky after goranson , will also return , but in a different role . the format , however , remains popular on cbs , which is home to big bang theory , mom , kevin can wait , superior donuts and man with a plan . roseanne centered on the working-class conner family in illinois and ran on abc from 1988-97.
in a 2006 report , the pew research center estimated that " nearly half of all story_separator_special_tag if there ’ s one policy proposal donald trump has outlined in great detail , it ’ s his idea to build a wall along the border between the united states and mexico — and , of course , to make mexico pay for it . as oliver points out , this isn ' t as easy a question to answer as you might think . vote now . geography : where does the wall go ? and , yes , he knows he looks like a pygmy owl when he delivers the news .
" he made a mistake , " register said . they ' re not indicative of the values that i ' m trying to instill within the cobb county police department and that i believe the county holds . ( ap ) — a police lieutenant in georgia who was recorded on video during a traffic stop saying " we only shoot black people " is being fired , the police chief said thursday . " register said he ' s known abbott for many years and has known him to be an honorable man . just one more thing ...
meteors are pieces of comet or asteroid from outer space that create a fireball as they hit the earth ' s atmosphere . " we have yet to confirm that it was in fact a meteorite but it is more than likely that it was , " police spokesman andreas angelides said . " police said they had received hundreds of calls from the south coast of the island and some inland areas . police said eyewitnesses reported seeing a blue glow emanating from the object that raced over the east mediterranean island ' s troodos mountain range shortly before midnight thursday .
“if you come to venice , you should know that you ’ re venice , you have to spend some money . " the four japanese men complained to police on returning to bologna , where they are students . ? ” .. “someone eats and drinks , then says they don ’ t understand the language , ” brugnaro said . their case has been taken up by marco gasparinetti , spokesman for a venice residents ' forum called " gruppo 25 aprile " . e per questo scontrino in piedi al bar dell ’ aeroporto di vienna a chi dovrei scrivere !
unesco ’ s only argument for looking on land , and one of only two arguments for rejecting mr clifford ’ s site , is a short very ambiguous passage in an edited version of columbus ’ diary . it also admits that no tests , which could have revealed the geographical origin of the vessel , have been carried out on the ballast from the wreck . an official unesco report issued today largely ignores 11-year-old photographic evidence for what could be columbus-era cannon on the site . many scholars are likely to be very critical of any plan unesco has to look for the santa maria in those marshes , because , they argue , columbus ' s vessel could not have reached them due to some shallow and dangerous reefs .
the company ' s shares rose as much as 8 percent on tuesday , their highest in 15 months . photograph : eduardo munoz/reuters donald trump ’ s successful campaign to become us president has claimed one of its first economic victims after luxury jeweller tiffany blamed protests at trump tower for hitting sales at its flagship store . “we are encouraged by some early signs of improvement in sales trends , but we clearly need more positive data over time before this can be considered an inflection point , ” he said . tiffany ’ s results do not cover the post-election period .
based on the anti-tank missile tube found in ramadi and other examples of weapons purchased by u.s. suppliers from european manufacturers , car says there is evidence that many weapons obtained by various syrian rebel groups supported by the u.s. were diverted to isis . 21 , 2016 , showing fighters posing in a snowy landscape . read more : germany demands explanation after kurdish arms sales reports watch video 04 : 53 share bulgarian arms in the middle east send facebook google+ whatsapp tumblr linkedin stumble digg reddit newsvine permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2l7mw bulgarian arms in the middle east how do weapons reach is ?
) robarge ’ s article says that mccone , quickly convinced after the assassination that oswald had acted alone and that there was no foreign conspiracy involving cuba or the soviet union , directed the agency to provide only “passive , reactive and selective ” assistance to the warren commission . story continued below but did mccone come close to perjury all those decades ago ? an industrialist and an engineer by training , he replaced veteran spymaster allen dulles as director of central intelligence in november 1961 , after john f. kennedy had forced out dulles following the cia ’ s bungled operation to oust fidel castro by invading cuba ’ s bay of pigs .
call 911 ... she asked again as i walked toward her “oh u r rosie odonnell ” yes i am the ghost of christmas future me – if i did not wake there r no accidents i thought as i braced myself and lifted her it was not easy but together we did it she was up and on her way with gratitude a few hours later my body hurt i had an ache in my chest both my arms were sore everything felt bruised muscular – i thought strained or pulled tissue i went about my day the pain persisted i became nauseous my skin was clammy i was very very hot i threw up maybe this is a heart attack i googled womens heart attack symptoms i had many of them but really ?
why wouldn ' t that apply to humans ? they share , and that has nothing to do with genetic connection . it introduced the notion of property into sexuality . an entire industry — from couples therapy to sex supplements — has emerged to help people " rekindle the spark " without straying from the confines of monogamy . what we argue in the book is that the best way to increase marital stability , which in the modern world is an important part of social stability , is to develop a more tolerant and realistic understanding of human sexuality and how human sexuality is being distorted by our modern conception of marriage .
“they look pretty bad , ” hockett said in an interview . ” before the trial , fhfa had reached $ 17.9 billion in settlements with other banks , including bank of america corp. nomura holdings inc. tokyo-based nomura said in a statement that it plans to appeal , saying it was " confident that it was consistently candid , transparent and professional in all of its dealings with fannie mae and freddie mac . “the magnitude of falsity , conservatively measured , is enormous. “the offering documents did not correctly describe the mortgage loans , ” cote , who heard the case without a jury , wrote monday .
the head of the department of public safety said the shootings were the work of a domestic terrorist , and authorities heightened patrols and surveillance in pursuit of a suspect . he was expected to be released later in the day . " on twitter five minutes after the arrest . alabama state troopers say the ordeal began around 7 a.m. tuesday in blount county , where 911 dispatchers got word that someone was opening fire on motorists on u.s. 278. " merritt lifted up his shackled arms in celebration as he walked from the courtroom . our reaction ?
the first seven days , abdul rauf said , he was not allowed to use the bathroom and was given a bottle to use as a latrine . in another corner of the lot , piles of dug-up earth teemed with maggots . own said he endured horror and deprivation in the warehouse . " i don ' t know how i survived those moments . “where in the world are they ? many have been held for decades . more bodies were found there . dozens fell dead . the people rose up , ” he said he told them .
col gaddafi said that his people would die to protect him . " we conducted the interview at a beachfront restaurant in the corniche , a coastal road on tripoli ' s mediterranean coast . " gadhafi said , laughing . the longtime leader , who didn ' t seem to be surrounded by huge amounts of security , seemed relaxed and focused . he said he felt betrayed . " they love me . the west , he said , wanted to recolonise libya - and that was why it had been singled out . ms rice said col gaddafi was " frankly delusional " .
an unclassified report by the director of national intelligence this year said syria ' s chemical agents " can be delivered by aerial bombs , ballistic missiles and artillery rockets . " there are 22 tanks in kfar souseh now and behind each one there are at least 30 soldiers . although he did not make an explicit threat , obama ' s comments at the white house on monday were widely seen as a direct warning to assad that the u.s. would take military action if necessary to stop the use of chemical weapons . story_separator_special_tag * s.
" kutcher , 33 , and moore , 49 , announced in november that they were divorcing after six years of marriage , and friends of the actress have since worried about her signs of mounting stress and declining health.during moore ' s recent crisis , kutcher was in the south american country to shoot a catalog for the brazilian fashion brand colcci . e ! she literally refuses to eat any food. just girls . more : can demi moore really be suffering from exhaustion ? " no guys . it was not clear whether moore was back at her beverly hills home or whether she was off to a treatment center thursday .
" the ballooning costs of healthcare act as a hungry tapeworm on the american economy , " berkshire ceo warren buffett said in a statement . the new company ' s goal at first will be to target technology solutions to simplify the health-care system . " the announcement makes sense of amazon ' s early moves in health care over the last year . ” ... express scripts and aetna sank 3 percent ; cigna slid percent while cvs story_separator_special_tag amazon.com inc. however , they cautioned it could take time . 24 , 2013 , in seattle and jp morgan chase chairman and ceo jamie dimon on july 12 , 2013 , in new york .
" what i know of george and his tendencies and also my opinion is that he racially profiled trayvon martin that night because if that had been a white kid on a cell phone , walking through our neighborhood , he wouldn ’ t have stayed on him the way he did and that ’ s a fact and i believe that in my heart , " said taaffe . looking for news you can trust ? taaffe obliged . file video : neighbor says george zimmerman ' is not a racist ' raw video : zimmerman supporter changes course , testifies evidence photos : bloodied george zimmerman , gun used in shooting taaffe said his flip came after he got a call from an unknown number two years ago by a man claiming to be zimmerman .
daughter of sergei skripal said to be improving rapidly while former spy remains critical after nerve agent poisoning the condition of yulia skripal , who was poisoned with a nerve agent in salisbury along with her father , is improving rapidly , doctors have said . “as a precautionary measure , they have this afternoon placed a cordon around a children ’ s play area at montgomery gardens , near the skripals ’ home. get news from the bbc in your inbox , each weekday morning in response she has responded well to treatment but continues to receive expert clinical care 24 hours a day .
they agreed that they would explain their actions by saying " we as a county are trying to do what is in the best interests of the public . herbert told reporters wednesday he ' s also prepared to marshal funding and workers to open other national park areas in the state . ninety-one percent of the county is state , federal or indian reservation land and the county has a history of protesting and resisting federal land management policies . " this is just ... " but decisions change . " gov . a spokesman for the national park service says the agency plans to issue a statement soon .
" a report from lawrence hospital ' s pathology department , however , says that while the department received a specimen bearing mccormack ' s name and marked " appendix , " the final pathologic diagnosis states that " there is no evidence of appendix . he went to adirondack medical center in saranac lake and underwent an emergency operation . kerin , who runs michael kerin md , general surgery &amp; med spa in tuckahoe , did not return calls seeking comment . mitchell j. download now . 27 , 2013. about a year after his surgery , mccormack was in upstate new york when he started to feel those same stomach pains .
3. so blackface “is not racist , ” but “is instead part of a racist history in this country. did anyone outside of the most hateful partisans really believe that he ’ s some sort of slavery apologist , and that he was open about that fact in the most widely read legal opinion for decades ? don ’ t be condescending . tips@mediaite.com 4 . 5 . i have expressed my full thoughts on the matter here . *shout-out to marc lamont hill , whose been one of the few liberals to date to loudly and publicly condemn takei .
" she said , ' there ' s been an accident . the prosecution and defense in the case of dr. — a jacksonville pediatric dentist under investigation by the state of florida is now the target of a class-action lawsuit alleging his practice is a front for a " sadistic and systematic scheme of physical and psychological torture and abuse " of " utterly defenseless " children . simons island , georgia . 14. howard s. parents say schneider extracted healthy baby teeth from their children . in 2014 , brandi motley brought in her daughter bri-el , then 6 years old , for an appointment with schneider .
the 33-year-old dj was pulled over near baker , calif. at 10 : 30 am for speeding and after she refused to submit to a breathalyzer test on the scene , she was arrested and taken to the barstow jail . by alexis tereszcuk – radar senior reporter lindsay lohan‘s on-again-off-again girlfriend samantha ronson was arrested on suspicion of dui monday morning , radaronline.com has confirmed . the district attorney ’ s office tells us it will be a day or two until it decides whether to file charges against her . photos : lindsay lohan poses as vampire in photo shoot ronson was traveling back from las vegas where she spun at the lavo nightclub in the palazzo sunday night .
tice said that he received word that officials in paris were interested in returning morrison ' s remains to the states after contacting the owner of morrison ' s childhood home . two weeks ago , the hall added an autographed photo and story_separator_special_tag melbourne , fla. i think some people will say , ' i can ' t wait . copyright 2015 by wkmg clickorlando - all rights reserved . posted dec. however , the homeowner declined the offer . 8 , 1943 , at the former brevard hospital on u.s. 1. a modest morrison display features posters , two record albums by the doors ( " 13 " and " strange days " ) , and a framed copy of his last will and testament .
she discovered bruising on the back of the child ’ s head , as well as facial petechiae on the child ’ s face , a condition which indicated to njiwaji that the child could not breath for a certain amount of time . “you can find that in asphyxia cases , ” she said . story_separator_special_tag kimberly pappas enters 17th district court . frank arbour of the redford township fire department said he accompanied other firefighters to the business that day and spoke to pappas , who was at her desk and told first responders she was feeling ill after her period .
my experience was in business , not politics , and it was not my initial intent to play a large role in my father-in-law ' s campaign when he decided to run for president . kushner writes . " kushner says he " had no improper contacts " with russia and says his actions were entirely " proper . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . kushner spoke to reporters at the white house monday after meeting with senate investigators probing russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and possible ties to the trump campaign .
mjphillips@tribune.com related : 11 more zero-star movies of the last decade pg-13 ( for some sexual references and momentary violence ) hugh grant ( paul ) ; sarah jessica parker ( meryl ) ; sam elliott ( clay ) ; mary steenburgen ( emma ) ; elisabeth moss ( jackie ) ; jesse liebman ( adam ) ; michael kelly ( vincent ) ; wilford brimley ( earl ) written and directed by marc lawrence ; story_separator_special_tag jeff bridges and his crazy heart under the eightball go crazy heart yesterday ’ s honky-tonk hero , bad blake , arrives at a clovis , new mexico , bowling alley .
sessions ’ s lawyer , chuck cooper , said in a statement to nbc news : " the special counsel ' s office has informed me that after interviewing the attorney general and conducting additional investigation , the attorney general is not under investigation for false statements or perjury in his confirmation hearing testimony and related written submissions to congress . mccabe , the f.b.i. andrew g. sessions rejected mr. patrick leahy , d-vt. al franken , d-minn. , sergey kislyak , several times during the campaign , prompting sen. add trump administration as an interest to stay up to date on the latest trump administration news , video , and analysis from abc news .
hit enter to search or esc to close story_separator_special_tag close get email notifications on bo petersen daily ! there was a problem saving your notification . whenever bo petersen posts new content , you ' ll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link . story_separator_special_tag great white shark tagged by cruising the east coast of the u.s. track me here : http://www.ocearch.org/profile/mary_lee/ … east coast of the u.s. story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . email notifications are only sent once a day , and only if there are new matching items .
, who successfully fought for the inclusion of $ 11 billion in funding for such centers in the affordable care act of 2010. bernie sanders ( i-vt. 8 general election fight against republican presumptive nominee donald trump until she adopted policies and campaign language that more closely resembled his own more liberal tone . ” sanders has headed the effort on the u.s. left to oppose the tpp and trade deals like it , which he says are unfair to american workers . ) . the announcement does not mention sanders . " sanders story_separator_special_tag hillary clinton reaffirmed her support on saturday for creating a “public option ” within obamacare and allowing people to enroll in medicare at age 55.
" trump also encouraged republicans to get nasty in the upcoming election against obama . " isaac could hinder gop chance to define romney at convention schriefer acknowledged at the same time monday that convention organizers were keeping a nervous eye on tropical storm isaac . " let ’ s just say this there ’ s a huge group of people that are not believers in what [ obama ] did , what he said and where he came from , " trump said , going on to explain that his birther crusade may continue . " you have to fight fire with fire .
“it could well be that this was really where it was at in the neolithic. reading university archaeologist dr jim leary described the skeleton as a " wonderful discovery " . findings to date include flint arrowheads and blades , decorated pottery , shale and copper bracelets and a roman brooch . the aim is to gain a better understanding of the people who lived in the areas surrounding stonehenge . ramparts three metres high enclosed a vast space of 15 hectares , far larger than the avebury or stonehenge circles , and too large for any imaginable practical use .
j. burkett ( @njburkett7 ) june 3 , 2018 the bodies of two men were recovered amid floating wreckage after a small plane crashed off of a long island beach.the faa reports the aircraft crashed two miles off the shore of indian wells beach in amagansett just before 3 p.m. saturday.the plane was a piper pa31 navajo twin-engine aircraft with four people on board including the pilot , reports the coast guard.the plane was en route to east hampton airport , when it appears to have flown directly into a thunderstorm . ” as for the restaurant ’ s workers , nielsen said , “we ’ re broken .
, 17 year old kristian perez was located at a residence in orofino . orofino police department is seeking information from the public relating to kristian ’ s disappearance or possible whereabouts . police say the last time anyone saw him was saturday night , when he signed out of the prom at 9 : 32p.m . the principal of orofino high school said monday that kristian perez is a good kid , and fairly quiet . but the track was lost after a short distance , near an entrance into a nearby parking lot along the highway . a lewiston pd officer had reported seeing a male subject matching the description of perez at the zip trip on main street during the late evening of april 15th following perez ' s disappearance .
tim burton ' s miss peregrine ’ s home for peculiar children landed in fourth with $ 8.9 million in its third weekend ( $ 65.8 million total ) . it received a 78 % positive critical rating on rotten tomatoes and an a-minus from audiences at cinemascore . what now ? bock says the lackluster performance will hurt the chances of the oscar hopeful , written/directed by and starring nate parker . " final numbers are expected monday . 11. " this movie isn ' t going anywhere . skip in skip x embed x share nice pocket protector .
“you agree not to file any complaint … ” the story begins on july 6 , 2014 , when cox placed an order for $ 39.94 for an iphone case . accessory outlet did not immediately respond to ars ’ request for comment . image courtesy of before the site went down for prolonged " maintenance " accessory outlet included a clause in its terms of sale that charged a $ 250 penalty to complaining customers . six days later “but terms that prevent a customer from speaking publicly about her transaction and from contacting her credit card company are unreasonable and unenforceable.
moore faces democrat doug jones in tuesday ' s election for a u.s. senate seat . alabama voters are deciding between moore , former chief justice of the alabama ... the agency ' s top infrastructure and cybersecurity official says a federal protective security adviser and a cybersecurity adviser are in the capital his win in the republican stronghold energizes the democratic party as it looks to build on anti-trump sentiment to mount a challenge next year to republican control of congress . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . campaign spokeswoman hannah ford said the campaign had previously received threats .
related ryan adams ' road to recovery after major health scare , the alt-rocker readies his confident new album in a joint statement , the couple said , " mandy moore and ryan adams have mutually decided to end their marriage of almost six years . “our primary concern remains the wellbeing of our children , and we ask with profound gratitude that you respect our family ’ s privacy at this very sensitive time. i ' ll never talk about it . us weekly confirms that the unlikely couple – he a prolific rocker , she a former pop star – are splitting up .
pete davidson proposes to maggie rogers on ' snl ' promo , and ariana grande is not laughing close pete davidson appears to joke about rushing to propose on a ' saturday night live ' promo . the two called it quits earlier this month after getting engaged in june after dating for just a few weeks . “it was way too much too soon , ” a grande source tells people . please try again later . the pop star , meanwhile , has been keeping busy with her work . 25 , she announced a world tour for her new album " sweetener .
, 28.1 percent of under-five deaths are from direct complications due to preterm birth , which translates to 8,100 deaths of children under-five . a key moment in this effort is world prematurity day ( wpd ) . the partners " the success we ' ve seen in the ongoing fight against infectious diseases demonstrates that we can also be successful if we invest in prevention and care for preterm birth . , of the johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health , together with world health organization and london school of hygiene &amp; tropical medicine . " groundbreaking research to discover why preterm births occur is now underway .
ikea says it knows of reports of three additional deaths since 1989 from tip-overs involving other models of ikea chests and dressers . , bedroom tipped onto him , according to the family ' s lawyers . 14 when a bureau in his apple valley , minn. ikea ' s new repair program is considered a recall , but consumers aren ' t supposed to return the furniture . last july , the commission and ikea publicly acknowledged the company ' s dressers can become dangerously unstable if not attached to a wall . theodore " ted " mcgee died feb.
that picture of you doing the nazi salute – what ’ s that all about ? before saturday ' s conference held at the ronald reagan building , some attendees headed to maggiano ' s , which hosted a private banquet dinner for the group friday night . ” “this expression of support of hitler is extremely offensive to us , as our restaurant is home to teammates and guests of every race , religion and cultural background , ” the statement said . lmao ! we were just trolling around . 18. well , see below .
“i was worried , ” he said , referring to how he was going to get the car back . “they looked into it , but didn ’ t recover it and nothing happened and 33 years passed , ” talley said . ’ ” authorities say a dubious vin number helped track the vette three decades later . smith show on news/talk 760 am wjr radio . that is until recently . michigan state police lt. apparently not . the offer came during the paul w. the ladies like ‘em , ” said george .
" it ' s been a great adventure , " schieffer said . this is true . and i got to do that ! schieffer , while widely respected , is not as wired-in as other sunday show hosts to the machinations of the campaign process . you know , i ' m one of the luckiest people in the world . i couldn ' t have asked for a better life or something that was more fun and more fulfilling . that little job at kxol - which by the way paid $ 1 an hour . abc news chief white house correspondent jonathan karl is also under consideration .
‘we were left with a swarm of queen-less bees in the box and story_separator_special_tag park ranger and beekeepers help remove thousands of bees after queen was thought trapped in back of a car in haverfordwest thousands of bees left a town buzzing after swarming on to the boot of a car . it was quite a thing to see - certainly a ' wow ' moment . he said : “my stings are a bit itchy , but they are not too bad now . 48 hours of bee-related nightmare . " i had seen swarms before settle on things like this but never one as large as this .
“to the white house press corps , ” a note left by hanks read . especially for the truth part. all good things . tom hanks. add water , insert pod , press button and report . ” upon a march 2010 visit to the white house for a screening of hbo ’ s “the pacific ” with steven spielberg , hanks saw the machine to be in a state of disrepair . or , at the very least , very dirty . breaking : white house press corps receives brand-new espresso machine from @tomhanks .
six analysts surveyed by bloomberg estimated the cio trading loss at $ 4 billion . jpmorgan said today that it recently discovered information that suggests some individuals at the company may have been trying to avoid showing the full amount of the losses . excluding dva , loan-loss reserve reductions and a bear stearns-related recovery , profit was 67 cents . consumer europe damper “europe continues to put a damper on just about everything , ” said nancy bush , an analyst and contributing editor at snl financial lc , a research firm based in charlottesville , virginia .
bush was elected in 2000 , and stephen baldwin , who promised to leave in story_separator_special_tag donald trump has already won a number of states and is leading in plenty of others , including the florida polls , as super tuesday 2016 approaches . " i ’ m going to ireland . ) must really get bill o ' reilly ' s irish up . bernie sanders ( i-vt. “those are endorsements for trump. rev . watch the fox 411 report below . funnily enough , someone on a nova scotia island may have the answer to their problems .
“ben came to visit lindsay while she was at cliffside to talk about the possibility of a role in his movie , ” a former patient who attended rehab with lindsay , 27 , told radar . 18 at 9 p.m. photos : lindsay lohan through the years related videos : " do you think you can turn it around ? she looked strong . sure , at 15 seconds , this new promo goes by pretty fast , but it definitely has us wanting more . " the full interview airs on own , sunday , aug.
after a chicago cop paid a 14-year-old girl for sex in 2015 , the girl told federal investigators intimate , granular details about their encounters — including the exact types of condoms he used : lifestyles condoms and trojan magnum condoms in gold wrappers , court records said . act now ! ” he still thought she was older . he is no longer employed by the department . “the person who pulled the trigger may not have traveled , but the gun did . he must register within days as a sex offender . the mechanisms that allowed prosecutors to pursue whitley at the federal level are often used for gun crimes .
this one is unlikely . here are the four options obama has apparently been presented with : phone companies retain the data . a daring proposal , but come on , this one ' s a pipe dream . president barack obama in january asked u.s. intelligence agencies and the attorney general to report by march 28 on ... obama on the matter last month : “any third party maintaining a single , consolidated data-base would be carrying out what is essentially a government function with more expense , more legal ambiguity , and a doubtful impact on public confidence that their privacy is being protected.
here ’ s a look at what ’ s happening , and why , ahead of the monday night deadline to approve new funding for federal agencies . however , the leading democratic proponent story_separator_special_tag senate majority leader harry reid has been the most ardent proponent of president barack obama taking a hard line with house republicans in the latest fiscal crisis engulfing washington . chuck schumer ( d-n.y. “this is serious , ” fuller said . a. mr. sept. boehner does not want to stand down from a fight too soon . , ohio ) move to delay the law ?
china ' s president hu jintao also met jang in a clear show of support for the north and its new leadership . wen told jang that the china-north korea friendship has endured historical tests and is a shared treasure to be " doubly cherished . since he became north korea ' s top leader following his father ' s death in december , kim has promoted younger economists to key party positions to help revive his country ' s economy . beijing has had difficulty managing the relationship with north korea , which it views as a strategically critical buffer between itself and u.s. military forces in south korea .
“that ’ s what real beauty is all about — the unique things that set us apart from each other and make us one of a kind . but now there ’ s a new choice : dove says women can also be soap bottles . did it in any way resemble the shape of your own body ? a public-transit staircase sits next to an escalator . pear . apple . banana . we ’ ve been gifting these bottles to them as a ‘thank you ’ ( the range is not available to purchase ) .
the bexar county sheriff the deputies attempted to arrest flores , who , the sheriff ' s office said , was armed , but he resisted . photo : bexar county sheriff ' s office image 2 of 76 the bexar county sheriff ' s department investigates friday august 28 , 2015 at the scene of an officer involved shooting in northwest bexar county on the 24,000 block of walnut pass near boerne stage road . suddenly flores doubles over and goes down . video captured by a passerby appears to show the moment police in texas shot and killed a man with his hands up .
when talking about whether or not talcum powder is linked to cancer , it is important to distinguish between talc that contains asbestos and talc that is asbestos-free . the suit accused johnson &amp; johnson of " negligent conduct " in making and marketing its baby powder . studies in people : another type of study looks at cancer rates in different groups of people . louis jury awarding a california woman more than $ 70 million . your notification has been saved . both are being appealed . she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2012.
between 2000 and 2013 , an expansion of malaria interventions helped to reduce malaria incidence by 30 % globally , and by 34 % in africa . this suggests that insecticide exposure altered the fitness landscape , favoring the survival of a. story_separator_special_tag interbreeding of two malaria mosquito species in the west african country of mali has resulted in a " super mosquito " hybrid that ' s resistant to insecticide-treated bed nets . abstract animal species adapt to changes in their environment , including man-made changes such as the introduction of insecticides , through selection for advantageous genes already present in populations or newly arisen through mutation .
this year , the independence day weekend box office didn ' t prove as fruitful as expected for all the new movie releases : while finding dory continued its ascension with the biggest domestic third weekend of all time for an animated movie , the legend of tarzan and the bfg brought in meager results . maybe it ’ ll leg it and do more , but it ’ s counting on overseas figures to save it . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . it played well when it debuted story_separator_special_tag unless walt disney pulls off a miracle overseas , steven spielberg ’ s the bfg will be that rarest of things : a steven spielberg box office bomb .
' and she was smiling , " aaliya said . , police officer challenged a teenage girl to a dance-off , holding her own as the two did the " nae nae " dance . " i was like , ' oh yeah , we need more cops like you. 28 , 2015 ) aaliya said the encounter changed how she thinks about police . the girl said she usually fears officers and was surprised by what the officer said . ' " ( published wednesday , oct. d.c. police confirmed to the washington post that the officer in the video is with their department .
the toronto zoo is investigating after a video surfaced online appearing to show a woman jumping over a protective fence to recover a hat that fell inside a tiger ' s pen . " the man can be heard saying in response . “we have a range of provisions and bylaws that could include trespassing and bans from the zoo as well , ” she said . are [ you ] kidding me ? it is also unknown whether or not any staff saw the incident happen . once identified , punishment for the suspect will be at the discretion of toronto zoo ’ s ceo john tracogna .
" we believe there was evidence that he was aware the dogs were vicious and they have attacked before and he knew of the danger they posed , " robison said . i really think i ' m going to be getting a gun to protect myself . john corina of the los angeles county sheriff ' s department ' s homicide division told abcnews.com . six resulted in prosecutions ; none involved murder charges . [ jackson } encouraged it . the organization , which tracks dog attack cases , documented 34 dog-related fatalities last year . littlerock residents complained thursday about stray dogs roaming the neighborhood .
even though he ’ s not here , we know he ’ s looking down on us. the office is open to the public , and artis said she hopes the space will motivate students to brainstorm about ways to affect legislation and help reduce crime . the winning bid was $ 100,000 . his debts total $ 2.5 million , most of that is money he owes criminal defense attorneys mark o ' mara and don west . rstutzman@tribune.com or 407-650-6394 ” the school offered the foundation financial support because of the kind of work it is doing in south florida .
meanwhile , congress has requested from purdue a copy of a deposition from sackler that was taken as part of a lawsuit brought by kentucky against purdue . ’ " " ben is back " ( in theaters dec. the description of the patent says the form of buprenorphine could also be used to treat pain in people or animals . “it was pretty intense when we were shooting it , ” says roberts , 50 , who learned in her research that a parent like holly struggles with standing firm on just one treatment strategy . dr.
while tearing ease for charmin ultra strong was excellent , it did not score as high on the other three attributes and costs 41 cents for 100 sheets . with americans using an average of 46 sheets of toilet paper a day , according to kimberly-clark , you want to make sure the kind you buy gets the job done . recently rolled out new kleenex tissue that it says is 15 % " bulkier . two winners top our latest toilet paper tests . be that as it may , many consumers might retort that they ' ll be the judge of how much toilet paper they use .
the iguana was electrocuted and set off a fire on a power pole , knocking out the electricity to the palms care center in lauderdale lakes , according to broward sheriff fire rescue . residents who lost air conditioning were moved to parts of the facility where cooling units were working . state records show the facility is licensed for 120 beds . ___ information from : sun sentinel , http://www.sun-sentinel.com/ they realized the facility was running on generator power and that “the power being supplied was only cooling half of the facility effectively , ” said battalion chief spokesman michael kane .
' " and she said that those laws have driven a disparity in access to the ballot , which clinton claimed threatened to undermine the thrust of the voting rights act , the historic , 1960s-era civil rights legislation . text size - + reset top 5 other dem women to watch hillary ’ s thoughts on 2016 there ’ s a new ceo at the foundation , one who hails from clinton ’ s former consulting firm , mckinsey &amp; company . " apparently you never go out of therapy . meanwhile , the state-by-state battle over voter id laws has also been a galvanizing force for party activists and leaders .
peter bunting , the island ' s national security minister , said the legislation does not mean jamaica plans to soften its stance on transnational drug trafficking or cultivation of illegal plots . " the new law makes possession of small quantities of pot a non-arrestable offence that can instead result in a fine . afp topics : drug-use , drug-offences , drugs-and-substance-abuse , law-crime-and-justice , laws , jamaica william brownfield , the us assistant secretary for counter-narcotics affairs , said before the vote that “jamaican law is of course jamaica ’ s own business and jamaica ’ s sovereign decision ” .
a league source told espn ' s adrian wojnarowski , however , that fertitta agreed to purchase the team from leslie alexander for $ 2.2 billion , a record sale price for an nba franchise . , and golden nugget casinos and hotels . story_separator_special_tag beyonce loses out on houston rockets ... to the left -- instead , the team will be sold to billionaire restaurateur tilman fertitta . i have personally known tilman for over 24 years and don ' t think i could have found anyone more capable of continuing the winning tradition of our houston rockets .
when she was released from state police , leonard paid a stranger $ 3 for a ride back to the original crash site to continue driving her car . ' i said , ' what do you mean? fisher said most of the costly tools in his shed were destroyed , as was the shed itself . ' " charges for both instances are pending against leonard once police receive blood-alcohol test results . reached at her home less than a mile from fisher ' s house , leonard said she had no comment . michele leonard crashed her vehicle on two-separate occasions that night as well .
“it ’ s a bit awkward , ” says brendan nyhan , a political scientist at dartmouth , “if republicans are talking about the need for wage growth and opposed to a minimum wage increase. they ’ re all too happy to call out obama for failing to lift incomes . ( he did not propose lowering it. ” the carson campaign didn ’ t answer politico ’ s request for clarification , but spokesman doug watts told the daily beast that carson ’ s position was unchanged . ” that would indicate , logically , that still
thousands of native americans chanted in protest against the washington redskins name outside the university of minnesota ’ s tcf bank stadium sunday , where the team will play the minnesota vikings . john mcdonnell/the washington post buy photo wait 1 second to continue . “who are we ? " everyone is fine . organizers estimated it at 5,000. nov. he added there were minor injuries like scrapes and bruises on at least one bus passenger , but he didn ' t know how many sustained injuries . “not your mascots ! minnesota state patrol lt.
nor does it sound better over bluetooth , or the proprietary wireless technology apple is using in its airpods . " courage . i ' ve witnessed the demise of every macbook charger . " hubris " is one ; " arrogance " is another . i ignored the occasional skip in the audio and focused on finally being free of all wires ! do yourself a favor and check them out for years , i tried to convince myself otherwise . my favorites were the 66audio bts sport cans , which i went running with . and i ' ve never heard anything as ridiculous emanate from that stage as i did wednesday , when marketing chief phil schiller explained why the iphone 7 would not have a standard 3.5mm aux cable input , better known as the headphone jack .
a san francisco judge ' s scathing ruling ordering wells fargo to pay its customers $ 203 million for manipulating debit transactions to maximize overdraft fees might be just the start of troubles for the bank . 15 , " its bone-crushing multiplication of additional overdraft penalties , however , is categorically assured . " " we have found that high-low gives priority to larger payments and have found that those are the customers ' priority payments ... that case , consolidated in federal court in miami , includes similar claims against 30 other lending institutions , including bank of america , citibank , chase , union bank and u.s. bank .
trump ' s comments are the latest in a barrage of criticism he has directed at the fbi . " shortly afterward , trump lavished praise on graduates of a weeks-long fbi national academy program and their families , touting their accomplishments and pledging his unwavering support . trump told law enforcement leaders he is " more loyal than anyone else could be " to police . 15 , 2017 , in quantico , va. " toggle caption saul loeb/afp/getty images later , white house lawyer ty cobb said , " there is no consideration at the white house of a pardon for michael flynn .
president-elect donald trump shakes hands with martin luther king iii , son of martin luther king jr. " putin said . putin , speaking at a news conference in moscow tuesday , described a dossier on trump as part of efforts by the obama administration to " undermine the legitimacy of the president-elect " despite his " convincing " victory . trump , " putin told reporters after talks with moldovan president igor dodon . he added that people who ordered it are " worse than prostitutes . vladimir /tass/ . 16 , 2017 . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
" avital slammed the southwest for " slut shaming , " and said a man on her flight had on a provocative piece of clothing , but wasn ' t hassled . " imagine that ! a week later , setara qassim was forced to wear a blanket by a southwest flight attendant who thought setara ' s top was too low cut . advertisement check out avital ' s early morning flying attire ; pretty casual , right ? " i didn ' t want to let the representative ' s big feelings about my breasts change the way i intended to board my flight , " she told jezebel .
johnson said he had been studying some literature about monks and vasectomies and was extremely high when he took the knife to his genitals and jumped . " i always say a penis is a penis . " i cut it off because that was the root of all my problems . the height didn ' t make any difference to me . i ' m looking forward to what will occur , " johnson told the new monday . " by no means was i trying to kill myself . van nuys , california . andre johnson - who performs under the stage name christ bearer with the wu-tang affiliated group northstar .
the so-called phoebe ring is not only bigger than the researchers thought , it appears to be made of unusually fine particles — particles that continually collide with saturn ’ s moon iapetus as it circles the planet , turning the moon ’ s leading face black . distance scale applies to a and b. once they venture too far afield from their gravitational overlord , conventional astronomical wisdom dictates that they will collapse and form new satellites . “you can imagine something big smashed into phoebe a billion years ago , and all of this debris was flung out , ” hamilton says .
" the tea party can do both . the local groups stand in contrast to - and , in their minds , apart from - a handful of large national groups that claim the tea party label . it is everywhere and nowhere . this is pretty close to what will rogers said of his own political allegiance : " i am not a member of any organized party . schoen asked me . david petraeus carrots-and-sticks the taliban -- battling them while also inviting them to peace talks . as a result , the vexed obama has been swinging wildly , punching at ghosts .
to be a good meal , food has to have be prepared with love , dedication , certain hygiene standards and proper cook time . but what makes bolivia different from nearly every other country in its apparent distaste for mcdonald ' s fare ? focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . a group of filmakers have attempted to answer that question in the documentary why did mcdonald ’ s bolivia go bankrupt ? story_separator_special_tag with over 31,000 restaurants serving 58 million people throughout the world every day , mcdonald ' s pretty much wrote the book on how a corporation can conquer the world .
but the tully monster ’ s structure was light and appeared two-dimensional . " it ' s one of the examples used in textbooks around the world as what are called ' problematica , ' " creatures that defied ready classification and were sometimes thought to be examples of extinct phyla , or animal categories . and others believed it was some sort of worm . they published their findings on wednesday in nature . mccoy . then they had to narrow down the type of chordate to which it was most similar . only it wasn ’ t a gut .
groups of uc students from several other campuses arrived in westwood to join a demonstration against the fee hike , and a group of protesters was occupying a ucla classroom building . ” mr. “it ’ s at stake here. “we choose to fight back , to resist , where we find ourselves , the place where we live and work , our university , ” their statement said . miller and ms. yudof urging that students explore all the financial-aid possibilities so they don ’ t get scared away or drop out . 24 walkout , when more than 5,000 students demonstrated outside sproul hall at berkeley .
( photo : stefan postles , getty ) story highlights report finds doping is ' widespread ' organized-crime syndicates involved no individuals named a lengthy investigation into the use of doping in australian sports has found that the practice is " widespread . dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . " the australian crime commission issued a report thursday in which it said " peptides and hormones are being used by professional athletes in australia , facilitated by sports scientists , high-performance coaches and sports staff . to order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues , clients or customers , use the order reprints tool at the bottom of any article or visit www.djreprints.com story_separator_special_tag australian rugby union ceo bill pulver .
[ 1 ] [ 8 ] some accept only fas as a diagnosis , seeing the evidence as inconclusive with respect to other types . and in terms of her career , it ’ s a much bigger , heavier and potentially more destructive wrench . ” god help that devil spawn . star reported several weeks ago that snookums was pregnant , but the diminutive star with the loud persona denied those claims on gma on feb. ' " 2. snooki ' s obviously ambivalent boyfriend , jionni lavalle , is speculated to be the father . now it is the new normal.
washington ( cnn ) the inspector general for the intelligence community has informed members of congress that some material hillary clinton emailed from her private server contained classified information , but it was not identified that way . a : " well , i understand why people have questions and i ' m trying to answer as many of those in as many different settings as i can . classification standards . 7 , 2015 , in cedar rapids , iowa . " clinton knocks ' inaccuracies ' in reports clinton on friday criticized what she called " a lot of inaccuracies " in brief remarks about the classified emails .
philippides , the one who acted as courier , is said to have used it first in our sense when he brought the news of victory from marathon and addressed the magistrates in session when they were anxious how the battle had ended ; " joy to you , we ' ve won " he said , and there and then he died , breathing his last breath with the words " joy to you " . [ 1 ] ... – lucian translated by k.kilburn . previous record-holder frank giannino jr. helped hold the finish-line banner at new york city hall .
the study is the first to regenerate nerves that restore bladder function in animals with severely injured spinal cords . rats regained some bladder control after surgery to transplant nerve cells into the spinal cord , combined with injections of a cocktail of chemicals . it not only makes everyday life more difficult , but loss of bladder control can lead to serious infections as catheters are used to provide individuals with more independence . however , coaxing the cells to grow and form new connections has proved elusive . if the treatment works in people with spinal cord injuries , he says , “it would change their lives.
prosecutors tracked monroe ' s cellphone to show he voted in wisconsin and indiana in the november 2012 presidential election , and they tested absentee ballots to identify monroe ' s dna . each charge carries a maximum penalty of up to 18 months in prison , two years of extended supervision and a $ 10,000 fine . every vote will be needed ! ... please please please . robert d. alberta darling . " he has expressed an interest in attending law school , " the complaint reads . gimbel declined to comment about the matter or his client tuesday .
flight attendants , said in a statement . the changes will " this change allows tsa to focus on the threats that can cause catastrophic damage to an aircraft , " the tsa said . read more the u.s. transportation security administration will still prohibit some knives , including those with locking blades or molded handles . “we believe that these proposed changes will further endanger the lives of all flight attendants and the passengers we work so hard to keep safe and secure. nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp story_separator_special_tag the u.s. transportation security administration will still prohibit some knives , including those with locking blades or molded handles .
" in the afternoon , nardella clarified the nature of the project , saying that the city would not be using " water cannons " on tourists , but simply cleaning church steps and pavements during lunchtime . “we want to put people off from camping out . #nardella vuol bagnare i gradini delle chiese per impedire ai turisti di sedersi a mangiare . orrore , la plebaglia che non va al ristorante . the battle to protect italy ' s ancient heritage from problems caused by mass tourism has become a hot topic over recent years .
mr. " another said few people had watched the speech and that assad ' s crackdown would not stop : " military operations will continue in full swing , and he is staying . coming after days of hints that mr. assad ’ s defiance may prompt mr. ” victoria nuland , the spokeswoman for the state department , said in a statement that mr. the opposition-linked group said artillery hit the district of aqraba , 3 miles from the opera house . sayigh said . moreover , mr. assad ’ s minority sect , the alawites , at the university of oklahoma .
they believe the state ’ s ban on gay marriage is in the “cross hairs. " this bill negatively impacts both small and large businesses , " wagle said , adding that she had sent it to the senate judiciary committee for a thorough review and revisions . one clause allows discrimination as long as story_separator_special_tag — a kansas bill shielding anyone refusing to provide service to same-sex couples on religious grounds appears to be in serious jeopardy . the law specifies businesses with “public accommodations , ” but — in effect — that covers almost everything .
but according to lawyers for hannah ’ s family , which is now suing the hospital , the doctor ’ s assistant accidentally grabbed cleaning detergent instead of saline . 2017 after he was hit by a car . william hannah , 68 , was taken to salford royal hospital in sept. the hospital said mr hannah " did not receive the high standard of care we pride ourselves on delivering " . get push notifications with news , features and more . " our dad didn ' t deserve to have this happen to him and that ' s why we are trying to ensure that no other families suffer as we have .
one of the bullets penetrated a wall of the family ’ s second-floor apartment and struck sania cunningham while she was bouncing on a bed with her parents nearby , wcbs 880 ’ s monica miller reported . “it could have been anybody , ” he said . the girl was rushed to newark beth-israel saturday afternoon , but was pronounced dead at the hospital . police and prosecutors are offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to an arrest and conviction . " they were hiding behind cars , shooting back and forth , " said ivery muhammad , 19 , who lives a few houses from 84 ellis ave.
21 , 2015 at 3 : 01 a.m. est ( 2201 gmt ) - ... iranian hackers infiltrated a small new york dam in 2013 in a previously undisclosed incident , according to the wall street journal . and wallace found that they had already taken passwords , as well as engineering drawings of dozens of power plants , at least one with the title " mission critical . ( associated press ) san jose , calif. advance for use monday , dec. the u.s. has more than 57,000 industrial-control systems connected to the internet . experts say there are three distinct kinds of cyber intrusions : corporate espionage intended to financially benefit foreign companies , hacks intended to do damage to infrastructure and traditional intelligence-gathering efforts performed by nation states .
read more story_separator_special_tag war is hell , and so is humankind , in this darkest chapter of the “planet of the apes ” prequels . in fact , they have made a consistently intelligent , morally thoughtful and often beautiful picture . after the apes suffer unimaginable losses , caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind . ” the film begins as soldiers with slogan-painted helmets — “monkey killer , ” “bedtime for bonzo ” — wend their way through thick and ominous greenery . following a tragic battle in the apes ’ habitat , caesar sets off to confront the colonel at his military base , accompanied by a few comrades .
than in ios 6. but when the vestibular system and visual system come into conflict , the effect can be distressing . " i now have to close my eyes or cover the screen during transitions , which is ridiculous , " she told the guardian , adding that there ' s nowhere to hide : " it ' s not apps that affect me , but accessing them . tap a folder and the view zooms in . for many people ( most of stuff included ) , this might seem dynamic and exciting . , and thought the new animations were “all more aggressive� ?
jennifer capriati has been rushed to hospital after a possible drug overdose . through 1990-91 she reached the french open , wimbledon and us open finals , and won gold at the 1992 barcelona olympics . capriati was widely labelled a burnt-out child star and did not win another tournament until may 1999. at just 16 she had received over $ 1 million in earnings . in 1993 she took a break from competition suffering injuries and that was when things turned sour . tmz spoke to her father , who was quoted saying she was recovering well .
mystery shrouds ' incidents ' in cuba involving us embassy personnel canadian diplomat in cuba also suffered hearing loss hearing loss of us diplomats in cuba blamed on covert device tillerson says diplomats in havana suffered ' health attacks ' nauert said the " first reported activity " had taken place in late december 2016. we are working and have been working to provide our staff and u.s. government employees with the best medical attention that we can provide to them . ... " those incidents have caused a variety of physical symptoms . one state department official said that some of those employees affected were aware that the incident was happening while it was happening , but others were not .
hooper , cruz ' s biological mother was on husband no . he was far behind in academics — two years behind in reading and classified as special ed — and she quickly experienced his troubling behavior . the violence stemmed from a constant need to defend himself at home . by the time cruz reached sixth grade , he had become a brown elementary legend . " what had happened was for like about five years before i got him , i was warned , ' you don ' t want that child , ' because he was really a holy terror , " hooper , 68 , said .
the irs filed a $ 360,551 tax lien against gilbert on feb. " if they ' ve been having financial problems , that ' s not known to me , " she added . " gilbert , along with husband and fellow actor timothy busfield and two younger boys , are moving into a log house in an unspecified part of livingston county , or as she wrote in a tweet last week " our own little house in the big woods . we love howell . gilbert , 51 , blamed the tax debt on a stalled acting career , the economy and divorce .
" he said he wanted segregation between whites and blacks . roof cooperated with the officer who stopped him , according to police . police in shelby -- about 13 miles west of kings mountain where dills works and 245 miles north of the charleston church -- said they were informed at 10 : 32 a.m. today " that a business had contacted them of a possible sighting of the suspect from the charleston , south carolina , church shooting traveling into shelby . to start , just " star " this story in abc news ' phone app .
the antarctic program also assigned mountaineers who were familiar with the zone to accompany hamilton ' s science team and the crevasse remediation team , which was camped 200 yards away . in a statement monday , university president susan hunter said that his glaciology research was “second to none. hamilton was driving a snow machine when he hit a crevasse and fell 100 feet into the ice . hamilton ' s body has been recovered and will be returned to his family in maine . some of hamilton ' s colleagues are working to develop robots capable of detecting buried crevasses for that reason .
reporter : a word that a pembroke pines police officer was allegedly denied service at an arby ' s restaurant because she ' s a cop . it is unacceptable , ” stated pppd chief dan giustino . did you hear anything about is that . in reaction to the incident , the dade county police benevolent association is calling for the employees involved to be fired . we support our brothers my husband spent 25 years . “i wanna cry . terrell . he may still have his job tonight but the controversy is certainly growing around what happened .
" it ' s like sitting down story_separator_special_tag wall street journal reporter jeffrey zaslow was tragically killed in an automobile accident on friday . he had been in petoskey previously for a book-signing . kelsey hubbard spoke to deputy managing editor mike miller about the beloved journalist , whose work touched and inspired millions of people around the world . " in 2011 , he collaborated with arizona rep. zaslow , 53 , was a philadelphia native who was married to sherry margolis , a fox 2 detroit news anchor since 1987 , and the father of three daughters .
the lawsuit says that when peter fedden was in a car crash in july 2013 , officers drove him to his commack home , even though he was " severely intoxicated " and visibly injured . ruby tuesday ' s could not be reached for comment wednesday . -- greg cergol contributed to this story . he crashed minutes later , just after midnight , the suit says . , they crashed . " he put the community in harm ' s way , " said mitchell levine of advantage marketing , which underwent four months of repairs after the crash .
ken mehlman is gay . i suppose that ’ s predictable . he ’ s doing this now , it seems , because he wants to drum up publicity for the cause of gay marriage and figures that “republican whom everyone thought was gay actually is gay ” headlines will do the trick . remember when bill maher talked about the rumors surrounding him on larry king ’ s show — back in 2006 ? it ’ s me , ken mehlman , and i suck bags of dicks ! the other factor is whether you think it ' s involuntary .
carter malkasian , who served as a state department adviser in southern afghanistan ’ s helmand province in 2010 and 2011 , said one way to mitigate that risk is for advisers to build closer relationships with their afghan partners . military experts , however , say that the smaller u.s. advisory force might be more exposed to fratricidal attacks than conventional military units . “maybe i am complacent . ” current plans call for the u.s. force in afghanistan to fall story_separator_special_tag dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . some of the killings have been perpetrated by afghan troops whose loyalties lay with the taliban .
earlier this week , we were told that 2012 was the hottest year on record for most of the u.s. the year ' s weather , marked by droughts and powerful storms , led npr ' s adam frank to call 2012 " the year that climate change got real for americans . winters are generally shorter and warmer . some of that evidence has been on display recently . " americans are noticing changes all around them . summers are longer and hotter , and periods of extreme heat last longer than any living american has ever experienced .
roswell park , based in buffalo , will work with the center for molecular immunology in havana to bring a lung cancer vaccine to the u.s. ” governor andrew cuomo “it affirms the feeling i had coming down that normalization of relationships between our special countries is the exact right way to go , ” cuomo said . and mastercard inc. " despite decades of economic sanctions , fidel and raul castro made biotechnology and medical research , particularly preventative medicine , a priority . until — maybe — now . business leaders met with their cuban counterparts into monday evening .
scroll down for video sports star : vladimir putin triumphed in a game of ice hockey in sochi first attempt : the russian president takes a shot at the goal ( left ) – but it bounces away . he shoots , he scores ! his opponents , meanwhile , were reportedly amateurs . contact us at speedreads@theweek.com . and in 2011 , a spokesman was forced to admit that a scuba-diving exhibition in which he ' found ' the remarkably intact remains of two 1,500-year-old greek vases was staged . the bold claims are , as yet , not fully confirmed .
” despite that positive response , snap admitted in its ipo filing that “the launch of spectacles . spectacles come in three colors — teal , coral , and the ever-stylish black — and retail for $ 130 . pop-up vending machines around the country will also remain a part of snap ’ s distribution strategy , though they ’ ll be taking a short break , a snap spokesperson confirmed . which means spiegel &amp; co. ( speaking from experience here. . . cnbc reporters had to wait in line for a total of 18 hours to get ahold of the funky sunglasses .
facebook ' s plan is to become a platform for media content in the same way it is a platform for applications and games . one of our sources specifically mentioned three music services as launch partners : spotify , rdio and mog . ( reporting by yinka adegoke ; editing by gary hill ) 22. " your friends are engaging with you on facebook , he said . the largest music subscription service , rhapsody , has about 800,000 paying users after nearly 10 years . last month it raised $ 16 million in series b funding .
the hackers had access to sensitive information such as real-time non-public details of the president ' s schedule . " there ' s always vulnerability , " deputy national security adviser ben rhodes said at a press conference . obama and russian president putin were at odds over moscow ' s involvement in ukraine . the white house would not say who they think is responsible , but sources told cbs news it did come from russia . the system has been shut down periodically to allow for security upgrades . ​the intrusion was routed through computers around the world , as hackers often do to hide their tracks , but investigators found tell-tale codes and other markers that they believe point to hackers working for the russian government .
the solar-powered ms turanor planetsolar crosses the finish line of its trip around the world at the hercule harbor in monaco . that is admittedly not a super-fast pace . it would also demonstrate just what solar power is capable of . " go green ! and some operators are moving toward having their ships travel more slowly so that they guzzle less fuel . but then it ’ s back to work . the ship , designed by new zealander craig loomes , is made of a durable lightweight carbon material and is covered with 38,000 solar cells that feed power to six blocks of lithium-ion batteries .
at one point , he barked at an aide that he thought his first tour abroad should be only about half as long . ( ap photo/andrew harnik ) ( story_separator_special_tag “i am very excited for the upcoming trip , ” melania trump said in a statement . secretary of state rex tillerson will also accompany trump for most of the trip . in his first foreign trip as president , which begins friday , trump has planned a pilgrimage of sorts , visiting the homelands of all three abrahamic faiths -- judaism , christianity and islam -- before heading to europe for meetings with pope francis and nato leaders .
“we ’ ve learned that the prospect of a big financial advantage is not going to keep people out of the race and that the notion of story_separator_special_tag photo advertisement continue reading the main story berlin — jeb bush said wednesday that he felt compelled to reorganize his political team — and pick a new , unexpected campaign manager — “based on the skills of people that i got to know ” and the “magnitude of the journey ” he faces as a candidate . it went fine at first but quickly became an awkward routine .
the attacks were " highly franchised terrorism with general instructions . overall , authorities made 17 arrests related to the belgium threat -- 13 in belgium and four at two locations in france . • metropolitan police assistant commissioner mark rowley , britain ' s senior counterterrorism officer , said additional police patrols were being put in place at jewish community centers , synagogues and schools . the two suspects who died in the shootout are believed to have fought with isis in syria , the source said . " there is a tremendous amount of concern over sleeper cells in europe , " said western official with direct knowledge of the situation .
the dam was constructed by a joint venture led by south korean companies , with thai and lao partners . the project is a 27-year concession and was due to begin operating in 2019 , a year later than originally planned . " we sent rescue teams who will help them and provide basic assistance first , " the official added . bangkok ( ap ) — a hydroelectric dam collapsed in southeastern laos , leaving an unknown number of people dead and hundreds missing , state media said tuesday . the ratchaburi electricity generating holding public co. it described the portion that collapsed as a " saddle dam , " which is an auxiliary dam used to hold water beyond what is held by the main dam .
let ’ s take a look at some of the biggest snubs and surprises from this morning ’ s nominations . gosling lost out on a nomination as astronaut neil armstrong in " first man " ( also overlooked for best drama ) . more : who got nominated for golden globes ? previous acting nominees mandy moore , chrissy metz and sterling k. chadwick boseman and michael b. jordan . but curiously , especially given that last nomination , the sequel could not secure a spot in the best-original-song category . and candice bergen was nominated for cbs ’ low-rated ( and presumed canceled ) murphy brown reboot .
baltimore county police chief terrence sheridan said that police are looking for suspects they believed are “armed and dangerous. she was credited with bringing down a pair of alleged package thieves , closing dozens of cases reported around the county at the end of last year . on monday , caprio , 29 , was killed after responding to a call on linwen way to investigate a suspicious vehicle . baltimore county police department corporal shawn vinson speaks at a news conference , monday , may 21 , 2018 , at franklin square hospital center in rosedale , md .
( ap photo/evan vucci ) ( associated press ) president donald trump speaks during a news conference , thursday , feb. and “wild.� ? the white house is here ’ s the exchange : reporter : i just want to get you to clarify this very important point . it lasted more than an hour . today the president pushed back . " smith said . , february 16 , 2017 . great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout ! president donald trump held court with reporters for 80 minutes thursday , producing no shortage of news in his first solo press conference as commander in chief .
however , until now , it has not been known how melatonin , which is produced at night , signals to the area of the pituitary gland that controls sex hormones. but there is a puzzle . in winter , sheep make forms of vegf that stop blood vessels growing . dr domingo tortonese , joint senior author from bristol ’ s faculty of health sciences , said : “we found that this melatonin-dependent production of different forms of vegf with the onset of fertility in sheep linked to longer periods of melatonin production , winter is the season for ovine casanovas .
? — jcpenney ( @jcpenney ) february 3 , 2014 who is writing these tweets ? the outdated retailer has been accused of the tactic known as " price anchoring " for years . your social media person is drunk , " tweeted one user . toughdown seadawks ! learn more presumably the post was in connection to the super bowl , however , whoever wrote it clearly had no idea what they were tweeting about . #goteamusa " sounds like a cover up to us . " uhh .. " oops ... jc penney ' s ' drunk tweet ' has provoked some hilarious comments on the twittesphere .
' in the wings ' on twitter , mr osborne wrote : " [ incoming bank of england governor ] mark carney ' s choice of jane austen as face of £ 10 note is great . the latest announcement means that women could be absent from newly issued banknotes for up to a year , although the elizabeth fry £ 5 note will still be in circulation . this features matthew boulton and james watt , who were most celebrated for " i am sorry to tell you that i am getting very extravagant , and spending all my money , and , what is worse for you , i have been spending yours , too .
at 50 percent , obama ’ s overall standing in the poll is lower than that of most other modern second-term presidents at this point in their terms . as they do on the economy , the president and the republican opposition have rough parity on the these files are currently not publicly accessible . turned off duplicate detection . truman , only george w. crawl of outlinks from wikipedia.org started march , 2016. now , half of independents express a negative opinion of the president ’ s performance ; just 44 percent approve . view graphic obama ’ s reelection honeymoon ends asked who is responsible for the sequester , 47 percent say republicans in congress and 33 percent say obama .
” so what i ’ ve done , using the blockchain , is to allow those who are hiv positive to prove in under 30 seconds that they have disclosed through a permanent and anyonymous record . jb : sure . ak : and the quintessential startup guy . in the 21 months since the free service was launched in london and now new york , browder says donotpay has taken on 250,000 cases and won 160,000 , giving it a success rate of 64 % appealing over $ 4m of parking tickets . the results speak for themselves .
photos - antonin scalia : the supreme court justice ’ s life in pictures four out of the past seven funerals for a supreme court justice have either had the president or vice president in attendance . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . " if we want to reduce partisanship , we can start by honoring great public servants who we disagree with , " obama ' s former " car czar " steven rattner tweeted with a link to a headline about obama skipping the funeral . powell jr. president george w.
" it won ' t have been an over the top letter - it has been a year and i ' m sure tom will have been aware that katie wouldn ' t be interested in running straight back into his arms , " the insider continued , " but he ' ll have wanted to tell her how much he still cares for her and that he hopes she ' s doing well . happy look tuesday ! by lauren o ' callaghan remember , you can buy the digital edition of look magazine for your tablet or iphone .
" zimmerman , a crime watch volunteer , thought martin looked suspicious , called police , and followed martin along a street and around a corner . he said he broke his nose . cbs news correspondent mark strassman has new evidence in the case . " do you see any blood on his head ? " ... they are just making up stuff that are not true about george . " strassmann asked brown . we don ' t know what happened immediately immediately before the shot was fired . go behind the scenes with ac361 ° she identified chris serino as the lead investigator who questioned people in the neighborhood .
“our main finding is that neanderthal dna does influence clinical traits in modern humans : we discovered associations between neanderthal dna and a wide range of traits , including immunological , dermatological , neurological , psychiatric and reproductive diseases , ” said john capra , senior author of the paper “the phenotypic legacy of admixture between modern humans and neanderthals ” published in the feb. for example , they found that a specific bit of neanderthal dna significantly increases risk for nicotine addiction . the evolutionary geneticist is an assistant professor of biological sciences at vanderbilt university .
” but afterwards the philae mission tweeted : philae lander ( @philae2014 ) . all this is taking place 311 million miles ( 500 million kilometers ) from earth on a comet hurtling 41,000 mph ( 66,000 kph ) through space . 13 , 2014 , is being used to try to identify the final touchdown point of ... the lander ’ s legs have a built-in spring action . later came a promising announcement . key objective it is not known precisely where on the comet the robot is located , but the pictures it has returned indicate it is in the shadow of a cliff .
matthew mcconaughey is returning to his alma mater the university of texas at austin to teach a film class this fall , the university announced on thursday , june 30. “he ’ s in the movies . related : ut film school ranks no . want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? phillips said that not too many photos or videos could be taken during the class because free state of jones had not yet been released . download the us weekly iphone app now ! this is the second time mcconaughey is coteaching this course .
" it ' s pretty well known what the consequences are of feeding bears , " morse said . according to fwc officers , on dec. musselman reportedly told officers she had to feed the bears or they would starve to musselman was placed on probation jan. a judge found her guilty of two counts of feeding wildlife . she even continued on after being issued a warning on nov. musselman , 5240 kenilworth blvd. mary h. at this point , officers came back with more educational videos . tedder described her as gentle hearted , sweet and someone who is harmless .
usa today maya rudolph ( left ) and melissa mccarthy share screen time with puppets in the comedy " the happytime murders . this happytime murders review is brought to you by the letter “i. careful to avoid copyright issues ( and to avoid giving kids nightmares ) , henson doesn ’ t give us a faux kermit or miss piggy . let me story_separator_special_tag no sesame . ” insipid . all street . imbeciles . incomprehensible . insane . and those 90 minutes in between are excruciating . just make it brutally funny and inspired . a violent incident in the past soured their relationship – and resulted in a ban on puppet cops – so when they run into each other at a crime scene , snarky and vicious banter ensues .
scarlett johansson leads this year ' s ranking with $ 40.5 million in pretax earnings between june 1 , 2017 and june 1 , 2018 , making her acting ' s top-earning female lead . but she still commands big bucks for her turns in the x-men series and a high-paying dior contract . 5 ; $ 16.5 million ) , for which the pair will receive an estimated $ 1.25 million an episode . jennifer aniston ( no . and red sparrow , underperformed at the box office . " the percent of budget cost have certainly skewed heavy , particularly on the avengers movies , to cast now , whereas maybe in the early ones it was more visual effects or below the line , " said kevin feige , marvel studios president and producer last year .
during that time , i was at his side in california and abroad , and i can report that the claims in the national enquirer regarding allegations about the governor ' s detail covering for him during any illicit activity are completely untrue . photos : hollywood ' s power couples radaronline.com has learned that taylor is not backing off his charges . the attorney general isn ' t doing anything . a source tells " entertainment tonight " that " the whole thing has been proven false . this does not entitle some in the media to be totally irresponsible .
! ! kirkpatrick also told the outlet that wells has no family to support her and has already lost her home . share tweet 6.6k shares on facebook shares on facebook story_separator_special_tag dawn wells , best known for playing mary ann summers on gilligan ’ s island , is in need of financial aid , according to a gofundme reportedly created by her friend . god bless please please help me save our american icon- dawn wells thank you in advance . get push notifications with news , features and more . as of friday morning , the campaign has raised nearly $ 120,000 in just 10 days .
he urged rebels to provide troops who surrendered with food and clothes and said he hoped the situation in the city would " not be used to find a pretext to actually undermine [ the agreement ] " . media playback is unsupported on your device media caption footage of debaltseve captured by a drone showed evidence of shelling eyewitnesses saw dozens of tanks and columns of weary ukrainian troops retreating from debaltseve on wednesday . most the government in kiev admitted that that some soldiers were taken prisoner in debaltseve , but gave no details on how many were seized .
" then he looked at me and said softly : ' no , honey , it ' s not a risk . brown had contributed lyrics to a song and when you get to st. brown and his wife help usher “to kill a mockingbird ” into being . chip somodevilla/getty harper lee , photographed here in 2007 , received the presidential medal of freedom . it was the modest windfall from just such an industrial show — a musical fashion show for esquire magazine in the fall of 1956 , joy brown recalled last week — that let mr.
clark . the show isn ' t designed to be a recap of the year in music , but that ' s almost what it turns out to be , klein said . " as for seacrest , the longtime " american idol " host has no problem sharing the spotlight with the man he watched on television as a child . clark answered in an e-mail , “i hope not. clark says , probably the most memorable of all his new year ’ s broadcasts . you may opt-out at any time . invalid email address .
?/p> the ridiculing was done “with reckless disregard to the harm that might be caused?to binion , the complaint says . in binion ’ s case , he does not sweat , and the condition has affected his hair and teeth . he started the facebook group “hug don ’ t judge . other symptoms include : story_separator_special_tag jahmel binion ’ s “selfie ” on social media was mocked by nba star shaquille o ’ neal , former michigan star and utah jazz rookie trey burke and rapper waka flocka . binion‘s story went national earlier this year .
and the josephs had the medals to prove it . 22 , 1966 , in chicago . " ron joseph said tuesday with a laugh . investigation determined that during the games , the west germans had signed a contract to perform in holiday on ice , a professional ice show . they brought hollywood flair to their sport . and , yes , this is confusing as it seems . moving to clarify its public records . invalid email address . each pair received new medals . thank you for subscribing . please re-enter . eventually an i.o.c .
( associated press ) iraqis chant pro-government slogans and wave national flags in a show of support for embattled prime minister nouri al-maliki during a demonstration in baghdad , iraq , monday , aug. khalid mohammed/ap buy photo wait 1 second to continue . al-maliki is taking ... the clash has raised deep concerns at home and abroad about iraq ’ s teetering stability . “on the ground , [ there are ] tanks and armored vehicles . caption after being stranded on the parched mount sinjar for almost a week and then walking 12 miles to seek refuge in syria , some of the persecuted civilians were able to safely return to the kurdish region of iraq with the help of syrian kurdish forces .
hessy taft looks through the photographs of her as a child , which were used for nazi posters ( ohad zwigenberg , yedioth ahoronot ) “i wanted to make the nazis ridiculous , ” the photographer told her story_separator_special_tag a birthday card featuring the picture of hessy levinsons , winner of the most beautiful aryan baby contest . her father lost his job at an opera company because he was jewish , and had to find work as a door-to-door salesman . hessy levinsons was born in 1934. when she was six months old , hessy was taken to a leading berlin photographer to have her portrait taken .
the connected company is a part of seven toyota in-house companies that was created in april 2016 getty 27/43 a toyota motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company ' s pocket plug-in hybrid ( phv ) service on the cockpit of the latest prius hybrid vehicle during toyota ' s " connected strategy " press briefing in tokyo getty 28/43 an exhibitor charges the battery cells of anywalker , an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during singapore international robo expo getty 29/43 a robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the singapore international robo expo getty 30/43 an exhibitor demonstrates the anywalker , an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during singapore international robo expo getty 31/43 robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the korea story_separator_special_tag an algerian court sentenced a man who dangled his baby cousin out of a 15th-floor window in the capital algiers to two years in prison on monday .
valentina was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis when she was 6. valentina ' s suffering includes vomiting and headaches that are constant , according to her father , freddy maureira . in chile , as in many countries , euthanasia is against the law . " she has already had five operations ... in a video that news media said had been uploaded to her facebook page on sunday , valentina maureira said from her hospital bed : " i am asking to speak urgently to the president because i am tired of living with this sickness and she can authorize the injection to put me to sleep forever .
" no , it ' s not . abortion is a personal decision : just like i can ' t tell some woman she should have 10 children because she and her spouse are beautiful and intelligent ( and have phds from ivy league schools ) , i can ' t tell someone they shouldn ' t have children because they can ' t afford it . if it ' s overwhelming one way or the other , that will carry a lot more weight . check it out for yourself . alisha laughed . the poll closes on december 7th .
i think john hawkins is spot on in detecting the sarcasm here , but if you ’ re inclined to believe that ayers is the one ’ s ghostwriter , you ’ re bound to detect a “deeper truth ” in his tone . please check the url for proper spelling and capitalization . related posts : when she countered that she thought he had at least edited it , he egged her on by insisting that no , he had written the darned thing . , try visiting the yahoo ! help central if you need more assistance .
” the letter noted that a total of eight friends , including kavanaugh , were “in charge ” and that they would each get to have beds to sleep in at the designated rental property and a say in who else was invited . “p.s . used with him . judge , christopher c. “if half of gonzaga/st . the letter addressed to patrick “p.j. garrett and don urgo jr. the letter was apparently shared with georgetown prep alumni years later as an example of the camaraderie and shared hijinks of kavanaugh and his classmates .
president obama ' s 2013 budget . one key element of that plan is a six-year proposal to spend $ 476 billion on story_separator_special_tag president barack obama on monday was selling a a $ 3.8 trillion election-year budget _ a spending outline designed to cut $ 4 trillion from the deficit in 10 years through spending restraints and higher taxes on the wealthy . 12 , 2012. , baime said . obama rejected republican charges of class warfare . " because the administration ' s projections were completed in mid-november , however , the outlook doesn ' t reflect the stronger economic data that have since been released , including labor-market strengthening .
” the texas rangers are investigating an incident in which rangers catcher yorvit torrealba struck an umpire in the face during a winter league game in venezuela . there ' s no other way for me to put it . needless to say this is an inexcusable and disgusting display by a guy i ' ve always respected for his passion , but even more so for his high character and leadership on and off field . the umpire immediately ejects torrealba , leading to a face-to-face confrontation . network : • video : ' santa ' forde ' s christmas gifts for college football • boxing ' s promising state heading into the new year • five secrets to successful gift returning
he ' s a really good man . " when brian was in iraq , allison was in ninth grade and hoping that he would return home in time for the father-daughter dance . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . " it ' s been tough , though . he cares so much about journalism . we have each other . star said . during a q&a with seth meyers at 92y in new york city wednesday , the girls actress defended her father and assured the audience that the 55-year-old journalist will work hard to regain viewers ' trust .
" mr parsa said it was " a miracle of god that we survived " . passengers and crew jumped to safety before the plane was engulfed in flames . tv images showed the severely damaged body of the plane after it came to rest in scrubland and a column of smoke rose into the sky . aeroméxico flight am2431 was flying from guadalupe victoria international airport in durango to mexico city when it crashed at around 16 : 00 local time ( 21 : 00 gmt ) . read more no one died . “a little girl who left the plane was crying because her legs were burned , ” said flores , who said she was mexican but lived in bogota , colombia .
the tweets prompted an outpouring of criticism among twitter users : image copyright @zippyman818 image copyright @jef_konijn image copyright @thedailyshow but some were more supportive : image copyright @fran_neena20409 image copyright @begheldom the leader of al-qaeda , who was thought to have ordered the 9/11 attacks on new york and washington , was shot dead at a compound in abbottabad , in may 2011 after evading capture by the us and its allies for nearly a decade . 1 crashes , but assault continues without delay or injury " . others posted memes and gifs of people rolling their eyes and putting their heads in their hands .
in a statement , twentieth century fox said bryan singer was no longer the director of the film . this was not my decision and it was beyond my control . ” fox on monday terminated singer after a series of confrontations with rami malek , who is playing queen frontman freddie mercury . the studio had earlier said production had been suspended so singer could deal with " a personal health matter " . his no-shows resulted in cinematographer newton thomas sigel having to step in to helm some of the days while singer was absent . a source told the bbc the main reason for the firing was " a pattern of unreliable behaviour on the set " .
and , of course , understand that by the very definition , you can ’ t rape your spouse. a spokesperson for trump , who is currently a frontrunner in many polls of the republican primary , provided a statement to business insider claiming the incident was “old news and it never happened. ” told that new york in 1984 struck down the marital rape exemption , cohen demonstrated why he ’ s known as “trump ’ s pitbull. ” “i will make sure that you and i meet one day while we ’ re in the courthouse .
27 , 2017 in oswiecim , poland , shows a guard ' s tower of the former nazi german death camp of auschwitz that the nazis operated in occupied poland ... crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
chris stewart representing the family of walter lamer scott , city patrolman michael thomas slager checks scott ' s pulse in north charleston , ... police say slager was carrying a .45-caliber glock 21 and a taser x26 . whatever factors people want to take from that and conclusions they want to make , they have the right to do that . now you ' re not his attorney anymore . what happened ? but i can ' t confirm the following has been lightly edited for clarity . subject is down . " shots fired . the rev .
, " he said . in a statement issued by the navy , the snyder family thanked the navy , coast guard and virginia beach fire crews for their efforts to rescue him . " it was a very challenging decision to make , but it ' s one that we felt we had to make , " little said . both were members of helicopter mine countermeasures squadron 14 , based at norfolk naval station . dale e. afton m. ponce . lt. sgt . ruane , tech . stover , capt . “they will carry out a more technical investigation that may last for some considerable time , ” he added .
the dunham deal smacks of a search for the " barton fink " touch -- as in , " get me the next ' bossypants , ' stat . it is a lot of money , and girls is only a modestly-rated show : about a million people watched the finale on its air date and in its time slot , though about 4.1 million people watched it after that . rough math figures that random house will need to sell a minimum of 500,000 copies of dunham ’ s advice book to break even . good luck with that .
francis said the " culture of waste " was especially deplorable given the prevalence of hunger in the world . the pope urged people to care for the environment and reduce waste . it means nurturing the world with responsibility and transforming it into a garden , a habitable place for everyone. ” around 1.3 billion tonnes of food , or one third of what is produced for human consumption , gets lost or wasted every year , according to the united nations ’ food agency . he has also made several calls for global financial reform . peter ' s square .
glad you ' re out : ) — amtrak ( @amtrak ) september 7 , 2016 @amandacarpenter we ' re happy to have you aboard . learn more story_separator_special_tag for amanda carpenter , getting trapped in an elevator was a nightmare . help ? guys . in an attempt to free herself from the commuter prison , carpenter tweeted to her 90,000+ followers asking for help . add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . it was an honest mistake that anyone could have made . wanted to make sure .
prison authorities said the inmates were demanding improved facilities , better quality food and more flexible visiting hours . " without investment , we are always exposed to this . " so there ' s overcrowding , " he said . image copyright afp image caption the rioters are negotiating with officials to end the protest police in brazil say rioters in a jail in the southern city of cascavel have killed four fellow inmates and injured several others . ' psychological torture ' the trouble broke out when warders delivering coffee to inmates were reportedly overpowered . the prisoners claim that food is bad , that there are no lawyers to process things , minimal hygiene products don ' t exist , there are few correctional officers .
david newman is accused of ejaculating on a 22-year-old patient ’ s face after incapacitating her with morphine injections . 12 to recount an assault in mount sinai ’ s emergency room between midnight and 2 a.m. that day . in court late tuesday , newman was ordered held on $ 150,000 bond , or $ 50,000 cash . even though newman had yet to be charged , the allegations were serious enough to bar him the 45-year-old physician has edited online medical publications , taught at elite medical schools , and been featured in the wall street journal and on pbs .
the supreme court said it also is assigning staff from the state court administrator ' s office to aid richter in reviewing ferguson ' s municipal court practices . jefferson city , mo . " the ferguson city council met in closed session monday evening , but members left without taking questions and a city spokesman didn ' t disclose the purpose of the meeting . missouri gov . the justice department report said wilson acted in self-defense when he shot brown . " ___ follow david a. " meldon moffitt , of st. louis area and across the nation .
the “sweetened ” version will contain about half the sugar that is found in a serving of cow ’ s milk . according to ripple , it has a 93 % smaller carbon footprint compared to traditional dairy . ripple is also free of common allergens like soy and nuts . ripple founders adam lowry and neil renninger are plant-food proselytizers who aren ’ t afraid of hard science . as many non-dairy beverages lack protein , this fact alone may draw consumers . connect with ripple foods on facebook and twitter . dive insight : one drawback to certain plants is that while they provide desirable health benefits , manufacturers have a difficult time engineering the plant ' s flavor and color out of the resulting product .
monson , president of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints , at the two-day mormon church conference in salt lake city . he was 90 . he served as a counselor for three story_separator_special_tag even as he ascended to the pinnacle of a worldwide faith , thomas s. the funeral will be jan. ( ap photo/rick bowmer , ... shattered , the fledgling bishop went outside and wept , sobbing . 12 in the center followed by a private burial at the historic salt lake city cemetery . at the hospital , he ran down the corridor .
13 , april 13 and july 13. " it ' s very bare in the clubs . they compared these numbers to data collected on friday the 6th of the same months , and found that although there are consistently fewer vehicles on the road during the 13th — possibly as a result of superstitious people choosing not to drive that day , the researchers proposed — " the risk of hospital admission as a result of a transport accident may be increased by as much as 52 percent " on the 13th . ) 4. they ' ll fall in february , march and november .
sisters nazila sharaf , 35 , and lida sharaf , 33 , appeared in a pleasanton courtroom thursday afternoon , a day after they were arrested at their homes in dublin and mountain house on felony child abuse charges . mortified by where they are , " said timothy rien , the sisters ' defense attorney . hank dedrick , who belongs to the alameda county chapter of bikers against child abuse , attended the hearing with two other members to show support for the victims ' families . at universal preschool llc at 1040 florence road in livermore , the sisters reportedly threw blankets over infants ' faces and used " heavy-duty knots " to swaddle the infants , the news source reported .
assailants attacked the offices of microsoft in athens early wednesday , ... gunmen rammed a van packed with gas canisters into microsoft ' s greek headquarters in athens and then set the vehicle on fire , causing damage but no injuries , police said on wednesday . ( associated press ) a police officer investigates a destroyed van outside the entrance of microsoft office in northern athens , wednesday , june 27 , 2012. arson attacks against banks , foreign firms and local politicians have become more frequent in greece in recent years as the country battles soaring unemployment and struggles through a recession deepened by austerity policies imposed by foreign lenders .
talc is a soft mineral that is widely used in personal care products to absorb moisture and for other products including paint and plastics . jury awards have totaled hundreds of millions of dollars . louis circuit court . echeverria alleged johnson &amp; johnson failed to adequately warn consumers about talcum powder ' s potential cancer risks . the court cited a u.s. supreme court ruling in june that placed limits on where story_separator_special_tag kansas city , mo . the case involved suits against bristol-myers squibb over the blood-thinning medication plavix . that trial has not yet been rescheduled .
" this is a little bit more intense because they took the whole statue down , " he said . protesters cheered and started to kick the crumpled mass . roy cooper criticized the action , tweeting that “the racism and deadly violence in charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments. ” groups at the rally included members of the triangle people ’ s assembly , workers world party , industrial workers of the world , democratic socialists of america and the antifa movement . no kkk ! ( associated press ) durham , n.c.
thousands of angry demonstrators marched through tunisia ' s capital friday , ... ben ali promise in a televised address on thursday night to stop shooting demonstrators , crowds began to gather outside the interior ministry along bourguiba boulevard early friday morning . “every arab leader is watching tunisia in fear . he poured resources into tunisia ’ s educational system and made higher education effectively free . in his last days mr. 14,2011. ( associated press ) protesters chant slogans against president zine el abidine ben aliin during a demonstration in tunis , friday , jan.
consider funds that specialize in emerging markets , the type where it ' s most likely to see a greek company . nineteen of the exchange ' s 25 blue-chip stocks rose on the day , and the main index .atg , of which around 20 percent is banks , was down only 1.2 percent . international stock funds , unsurprisingly . — how about outside foreign stock funds ? 3 , 2015. its finance minister went further : " everything will be concluded this week , " euclid tsakalotos told reporters after meeting representatives of the international monetary fund , the european commission , the european central bank and the euro zone ' s rescue fund , the european stability mechanism .
the german artist michael sailstorfer has buried gold bullion in the sand of the outer harbour beach and once the sea is out , people will be able to come and dig for it . she said the folkestone work evoked thrilling gold rush stories . " it is a participatory artwork . would you ? organisers say prospectors can keep any bars they find . " what happens will happen . another involved him feeding the rotting wooden walls of a chalet to a wood burner over the course of a day until nothing remained in the landscape except the wood burner .
ayatollah ali khamenei , in his first reaction since donald trump decertified the iran deal , said on wednesday that “we will not tear up the nuclear deal so long as the other side has not torn it up , but if they do , we will cut it in pieces ” . ... france ' s total sa and state-run china national petroleum corporation signed a $ 5 billion agreement with iran to develop the country ' s massive offshore natural gas field . 18 , 2017. “i don ’ t want to waste my time on answering the rants and whoppers of the brute ( u.s.
hide caption 13 of 18 photos : 2017 airline excellence awards eva air : top 10 airline – the taiwanese airline was named one of airlineratings.com ' s top 10 airlines for 2017. in 2016 airlineratings.com praised them as a " benchmark of what cabin service should be . it won best first class and best long haul ( middle east/africa ) . this year it ' s been honored for value and safety in the low-cost sector . airlineratings.com ' s geoffrey thomas said in 2016 that delta air lines has emerged as " a new force in international travel with new energy , in-flight product and new aircraft .
while another tourist took his photo on the edge of a hill , the victim had lost his balance and fell causing his untimely death . people snapping selfies have been gored by bison in yellowstone and hit by oncoming trains . and in 2011 , an australian man died inside a tower at machu picchu after suffering a suspected heart attack . in december , a family of four drowned in southern india after a woman ’ s selfie went awry , according to the times of india . 2 , 2014 . “he asked a man who was there to take a photo of him , ” guillermo mestas , a peruvian tourist , told television station canal n.
here ' s today ' s entry ( emphasis mine ) : today ’ s gop is not racist , as harry belafonte alleged about the tea party , but it is deeply troubled — about the expansion of government , about immigration , about secularism , about the mainstreaming of what used to be the avant-garde . " i am shocked and outraged that people called me racist/idiotic/humorless " column we are due for a number four any day now . rick perry i sometimes think i have spent years unlearning what i learned earlier in my life .
responding police officers learned that the boy and girl were playing by in a room by themselves when the boy got his hands on the gun . lorain police capt . roger watkins says the investigation will be turned over to the lorain county prosecutor ' s office to determine if criminal charges will be filed . the shooting occurred around 10 a.m. sunday in lorain , about 30 miles west of cleveland . police said the shooting was accidental . story_separator_special_tag lorain , ohio – a 3-year-old girl remains in critical condition after she was shot in the head sunday morning by her 4-year-old brother , police said .
obama noted that many of the “tall tales ” opponents have told about the law have been “debunked. treacherous , because the state ' s republican legislature has pioneered and continued a " private option " for medicaid expansion , cleaving the tea party ( americans for prosperity , et al. they also do not know the ratio of young and healthy enrollees to old and sick -- a key data point insurers watch to set their premiums . sink six figures into this ad . mark pryor . reaching that mark is a noteworthy feat after the significant , high-profile technical glitches and website outages that plagued the enrollment process on healthcare.gov from beginning to end .
" washington , maryland and maine became the first states in america to vote for marriage equality . 74 were giddy even before wednesday ' ( associated press ) people celebrate early election returns favoring washington state referendum 74 , which would legalize gay marriage , during a large impromptu street gathering in seattle ' s capitol hill neighborhood , tuesday , ... joel connelly has been a staff columnist for more than 30 years . he comments regularly on politics and public policy . supporters of ref . " " from the beginning , this campaign told the stories of loving couples and their families who simply want to get married .
" this is a senseless , tragic death of a young lady whose life was probably taken as a direct or indirect result of drugs , " andrews said . the suspect may have been trying to hide cash ' s body , andrews said . johnson escaped the attack and took the child with him before driving to the hospital , andrews said . he remains in stable condition . we are completely heartbroken . copyright 2014 wsmv ( meredith corporation ) . all rights reserved . cookeville , tenn. deputies began to leave the area when a second 911 call was placed about 20 minutes after the first call .
in new york city , poll workers are expected to be at their poll sites at 5 a.m. election day morning to set up . &#124; ap photo media launches joint war-room to spot voting problems to covering 2016 ’ s voting obstacles and hoaxes , press tries sharing tips , sources and data across typically competing newsrooms . some voters waited as election officials looked for and retrieved the correct materials . other recent stories tied to electionland ’ s analysis during the early voting period include donald trump supporters using a bullhorn outside the polls in west palm beach , fla.
it found that those who are receptive to pseudo-profound , intellectual-sounding ' bulls*** ' are less intelligent , less reflective , and more likely to be believe in conspiracy theories , the paranormal and alternative medicine . a photo posted by @24january_ on dec 3 , 2015 at 4 : 56am pst as well as this . " " bulls*** , in contrast to mere nonsense , is something that implies but does not contain adequate meaning or truth . ok ? almost 300 test subjects were asked to rate the profundity of these sentences on a scale of one to five .
joanne liu , president of doctors without borders , said wednesday . msf said that an independent humanitarian commission created under the geneva conventions in 1991 should be activated for the first time to handle the inquiry . white house spokesman josh earnest said obama called the medical group ' s president , dr. three investigations have already begun into saturday ' s air strike that killed 22 people , including 12 msf staff . ( cnn ) president barack obama has personally apologized . he said obama " is very eager to get to the bottom of what exactly occurred .
" boston ' s a strong city . martin richard was killed in the bombing . krystle campbell was waiting near the boston marathon finish line to cheer on a friend who was running , patty said . they told the press tuesday morning that they will " go to the ends of the earth " to find whoever is responsible . my wife and daughter are both recovering from serious injuries . his mother and sister were also injured in the blasts . ... thank you . neighbor dan aguliar said he can ’ t believe it happened in boston .
) : the cause of death of frank serna was multiple gunshot wounds , and the manner of death was a homicide , according to kcso . police had arrived about 12 : 30 a.m. update ( dec. at least one bullet went through serna . three hit a neighbor ' s home . sgt . family say eight shots were fired . " my dad did not own a gun . police said the shooting remains under investigation . ======================================= a man is dead after he was shot and killed by bakersfield police early monday morning in southwest bakersfield .
the bill was proposed by republican representatives matt shea , david taylor and bob mccaslin and would prevent stadium operators from stopping members of the public with licenses to carry concealed firearms from entering their venues with weapons . " centurylink , like safeco , is located on public property . sec . the logistics of bringing a pistol into a stadium legally would be tricky to say the least , particularly when you consider the current restrictions on items allowed into nfl games . but it ' s run by a private enterprise , one that prohibits people from bringing in guns .
" this year i am releasing an e-book that uses my emails with floridians as a guide to my eight years as governor . some are funny ; some are serious ; some i wrote in frustration . here ' s a sneak peek at chapter 1 , ” the former governor and possible presidential hopeful explains on his website jebbushemails.com . they were just emails. his political action committee , right to rise , wasn ' t involved in the email-posting effort , a bush spokeswoman said . but they ' re all here so you can read them and make up your own mind , " bush ' s site reads .
“baby driver ” is set in real world , present-time atlanta — but it ’ s spun in the fashion of a semi-fantastical folk tale , with familiar archetypes and classic conflicts . here ' s the deal with baby : to care for pops ( cj jones ) , the deaf gent who raised him after his mother died , he ' s been driving for crime boss doc ( a wickedly sly kevin spacey ) . it feels a little bit like a 21st century urban western . behind the wheel crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites .
in february 2013 , he moved to a new place in san jose and signed up for tv and internet service with comcast , since the only other competitive service , at&t ’ s u-verse , was not available in his building . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . o ’ rourke said he called multiple times to try to get these issues resolved . but o ’ rourke arrived to last week ’ s lunch meeting with ars with an astonishing amount of documentation : he has pages and pages of comcast invoices .
at least 275,000 calls — an average of one call every 24 minutes — were made to poison control centers because of exposure to all kinds of dietary supplements between 2002-2012 , according to the center for injury research and policy and the central ohio poison center , both at nationwide children ' s hospital . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . as a dietary supplement , the dried bark of the yohimbe tree is available in capsule and tablets forms as well as in tea . keep them out of reach . the symptoms most associated with supplement ingestion included tachycardia , or rapid heart rate ; vomiting ; nausea ; irritability ; drowsiness and dizziness .
oswald says walmart has policies against workplace violence to prevent employees from assaulting co-workers or tackling a shoplifter , but that it appears that nothing allows for them to assist in situations of imminent danger and self-defense . oswald , 30 , said he was in his car on his break about 2 : 30 a.m. sunday when he saw a man grabbing a woman . livingston county sheriff ' s deputies arrived and halted the fight . " we had to make a tough decision , one that we don ' t take lightly , and he ' s no longer with the company , " company spokeswoman ashley hardie said .
authorities say they have recovered the bodies of two more people killed in a massive mudslide in the us state of washington , bringing the total to 16. may 18 , 1980 : mount st. his mother who was not at the house and survived . emergency workers used search dogs , bulldozers and bare hands to slog through the square-mile debris field . 13 , 1950 : blizzard and high winds dumped 21 inches of snow on the seattle area , claiming 13 lives . dec. oct. jan. aug. 20-sept. jacob is the only known survivor of the group .
politifact gave mccaughey a pants on fire rating for that statement . " it wasn ' t the first time opponents of the democratic plans for health care had raised the specter of euthanasia . sarah palin posted it on her facebook page . " congress would make it mandatory — absolutely require — that every five years people in medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner , " she said on a radio show hosted by conservative fred thompson . really ? " death panels . such a system is downright evil .
sara corry , playing the part of melania trump , walk along the parade route during a dress rehearsal for ... army sgt . the stand-in ’ s are also part of the united states army band , “pershing ' s own. so they ' ll need to rehearse escorting someone and they ' ll need to set the heights of the microphones and the lighting , the camera angles to make sure that everything ' s perfect for the day of the inauguration so that all goes without a flaw , ” said msg neil ewachiw , playing the role of vice president-elect , michael pence .
advertisement “our prayers are with both of the rangers , ” said boston police commissioner william evans at a press conference tuesday night . “great work on the part of the public and on the part of the officers. but he was stabbed right in the central stomach , and it was bloody , it was bleeding , his whole torso was covered in red . “they just tackled him to the ground. mayor martin j. “we have good witnesses and good video , and we ’ re confident in the suspect we have that ’ s responsible for this.
the cow is considered sacred by india ' s hindu majority , and killing cows is illegal in many states . the penalty for either act has been doubled from 50,000 rupees ( $ 771 ; £ 618 ) to 100,000 rupees . offenders will face heavy fines , as well as time behind bars . indian television channels broadcast video of the men being beaten with sticks and iron rods . one of the truck drivers , a hindu , was released by the mob , but was warned not to transport cattle in his truck . story_separator_special_tag file - in this oct.
it ’ s your network of social connections , after all , and the philosophy is that you ’ d rather see things from that network . ” this press conference could be held for any number of reasons — it could be some kind of new product launch or a redesign of a popular component of facebook . google made its impact serving up the most relevant web sites based on page rank . sound familiar ? games , videos , pictures and people . in september 2013 , mail.ru group limited sold its remaining shares in facebook inc.
but for now , this heroic act deserving of a medal has deanda facing a bill . he was driving past the scene in elk grove , california , in september 2015 when he pulled over and saw the man standing in the vehicle holding a two-year-old child . ' they asked me for my name and information so i give it to him . ' on facebook , he posted a picture of the bill and a scary image of the crashed van . derrick deanda jumped into action and recounted the heart-pounding moment . “i mean why would i want to stop to help somebody if i ’ m going to get a bill for $ 150 ?
a . ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — the melting of antarctica is accelerating at an alarming rate , with about 3 trillion tons of ice disappearing since 1992 , an international team of ice experts said in a new study . " things are happening . specific missions also have the ability to weigh story_separator_special_tag 1. l. antarctic and greenland drainage systems . " i think we should be worried . j. geophys . nat . geosci . 10. et al . lett . j . res . &amp; vaughan , d.
" a father tries to be there for his kids to protect them always , " said a tearful malcolm daniel of fort worth . brittany daniel was shot between 6 : 45 and 7 p.m. while she was driving east on interstate 30 between cooper and center streets . they want an arrest , but no one wants justice more than the victim ’ s family . christopher cook . anyone with information about the case may call detective steve griesbach at 817-459-5325. " who would have ever seen that coming ? " we heard two pops .
the suicide took place at france telecom premises at merignac , near bordeaux , in southwestern france . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
– a former indiana university student who was charged in connection with two rape cases in september 2015 accepted a plea deal and was sentenced thursday . she said she repeatedly told him to stop , but he held her down . john enochs plead guilty to battery with moderate bodily injury . ! ! " quipped twitter user alina . dove fumed . ( sept. original story : bloomington , ind . police recovered security video from the fraternity , which they say shows enochs entering a room with the woman . social media sounded off with racially charged outrage on the light punishment , many seeing similarities between turner and enochs ' cases .
less newsmen and neighbors gather in front of a mobile television unit at the home of astronaut michael collins , near the manned spacecraft center , july story_separator_special_tag you ’ d be a lying crazy person if you said it hasn ’ t crossed your mind , and in the 1960s it was one of the most common questions posed to nasa ’ s astronauts : how do you go to the bathroom in space ? aldrin jr. any holds for technical glitches or weather just made his wait longer . from left , ... a short mission could easily turn into a full day .
in a speech addressed to south korean president park geun-hye and senior officials , the pope said reconciliation on the korean peninsula had implications for " the stability of the entire area and indeed of the whole war-weary world " . pope francis waves from a car after his arrival in seoul , south korea , thursday , aug. it fired another two in the afternoon . the pontiff arrived in south korea on the first papal visit to the asian nation in a quarter ... it currently has just over 5.4 million members , some 10.4 % of the population
some reported using a general mills brand of flour. to see if your flour is recalled , go to : generalmills.com/flour . coli that had sickened 38 people in 20 u.s. states . reuters/jim young the bacteria strain behind the outbreak has not been found in any of general mills ’ gold medal , wondra and signature kitchens flour or their manufacturing plant , the company said . coli o121 , between dec.21 , 2015 , and may 3 , 2016 , ” according to a news release from general mills . general mills inc. the truck was owned by an independent contractor .
" what is in taco bell ' s recipe for seasoned beef ? in fact , the only trace of maple comes from extract from the bark of a tree that ' s a cousin to maple -- and a distant cousin at that . for more information about our ingredients go to http://www.tacobell.com . for anyone outside vermont , you still get the fake stuff . even chocolate isn ' t immune . for example , blueberries . our seasoned beef contains no " extenders " to add volume , as some might use . our recipe for seasoned beef includes ingredients you ' d find in your home or in the supermarket aisle today : • 88 % usda-inspected quality beef • 3-5 % water for moisture • 3-5 % spices ( including salt , chili pepper , onion powder , tomato powder , sugar , garlic powder , cocoa powder and a proprietary blend of mexican spices and natural flavors ) .
drawing on his unique experience with occupy wall street , a contagious protest that spread to eighty-two countries , white articulates a unified theory of revolution and eight principles of tactical innovation that are destined to catalyze the next generation of social movements . ” — michael hardt is protest broken ? recent years have witnessed the largest protests in human history . in the end of protest white declares the end of protest as we know it and heralds the future of activism . yet these mass mobilizations no longer change society . dr. most websites are captured quarterly , but during periods of rapid update , the website are captured weekly or monthly .
hillcoat ’ s “road ’ that review accidentally found its way into sight in october , long before the film was scheduled to open . " the road " is a road you ' ll wish hadn ' t been taken . it is powerful , but for me lacks the same core of emotional feeling . i yanked it offline as quickly as i could . running time : 119 minutes . 27 in chicago . rated r. that , and keeping clear of marauding bands of men who would gladly skin them and eat them .
( cnn ) the senate judiciary committee will vote on whether to favorably recommend brett kavanaugh ' s nomination to the supreme court as previously scheduled friday morning , though top gop senators did not know as of thursday night whether enough key republican votes had been convinced to confirm president donald trump ' s nominee . " " his testimony was powerful , honest , and riveting , " trump wrote . you can unsubscribe at any time . susan collins and lisa murkowski and democratic sen. jeff flake -- have just hours to publicly choose a side in a deeply polarizing political fight .
wired has gathered enough evidence to suggest that wright is the cryptocurrency ' s creator that it ' s confident in naming him publicly ; it ' s not certain of its discovery , but it ' s more than confident — pointing to blog posts made by wright before the public unveiling of story_separator_special_tag even as his face towered 10 feet above the crowd at the bitcoin investor ’ s conference in las vegas , craig steven wright was , to most of the audience of crypto and finance geeks , a nobody . " are you a computer scientist ?
michigan couples from outside the county must remain in their own jurisdictions , he said . in his 31-page ruling , friedman heavily criticized the state�s position that the will of the voters should have been upheld , noting that just because voters approve something doesn�t make it right , especially when it violates the constitution . couples seeking marriage licenses in many communities will need to wait until they reopen for business monday . �after 1 p.m. the cost to marry is $ 20 for local residents and $ 30 for others . we got our day in court and we won.� rowse was overwhelmed .
( associated press ) gunfire from the battles echoed through tripoli as fierce fighting raged between libyan forces and allied militias and a powerful militia from the western city of zintan that controls the airport , a member of a revolutionary battalion attached to libya ' s army chief of staff that took part in the battle said . oil production has local news channel al nabaa showed men in military vehicles with misrata insignia opening fire with heavy weapons . both british airways and turkish airlines also canceled flights sunday . civil aviation authorities announced the airport will be closed for three days because of security concerns .
james does , and that means he ' s a dipshit . " people want to know . " the decision , " as espn and james ' lrmr marketing outfit have branded this 8 p.m. extravaganza , should be bigger . he ' s a self-aggrandizing sack of shit , and espn is a bunch of pussy-whipped enablers for giving him a free hour of airtime tomorrow night and inevitably using 55 minutes of it to let stu scott give him a rimjob . advertisement look at what kevin durant did today . no more . not much .
i ' m sorry that i said it was switzerland , " winfrey said monday night at the los angeles premiere of " lee daniels : the butler . ' that didn ' t happen . " " i was just referencing it as an example of being in a place where people don ' t expect that you would be able to be there , " she continued . no ! ' she looked at a frame behind me . 12 , 2013 . if somebody makes a mistake in the united states do we apologize in front of the whole country ?
" the pelvic floor muscles are a critical part of a healthy body and can affect health and happiness in many ways . size can be adjusted to conform to the wearer , but the kgoal does not vibrate and is not intended for sexual stimulation . : they control the bladder and can prevent incontinence caused by stress , post-partum effects , aging , or other factors . once basic training is complete , the program adds another four weeks of " resistance training . ----- as featured on ... whistlegps device tracks pet while owners are away fitbit flex vs.
( associated press ) indonesian ' s navy personnel carry a bag containing a dead body of a passenger of airasia flight 8501 at sea off the coast of pangkalan bun , indonesia , saturday , jan. indonesian officials ... all the company ’ s flights from surabaya to singapore have now been ordered to stop . teams of divers were expected to explore those objects on saturday , weather permitting . " the visibility is only two metres , " he said . it was not immediately clear why airasia had been flying that day if it did not have permission .
that ’ s five to 13 times larger than government ’ s estimate from just a year ago , and would rank the taylor energy leak as one of the largest and longest-running oil spills in north america . on this page : you may need a pdf reader to view some of the files on this page . va. in 2013 , skytruth , an environmental group based in shepherdstown , w. 15 , 2004. well at 10,500 gallons to 29,000 gallons of oil per day . in addition , links for additional information on the spill , cleanup activities and other responses are provided below .
no arrests have been made , and police have not indicated whether they believe her online activities may have played a role in her death . west identified herself as an exhibitionist on a website offering adult photos . she was found dead ... 18 , 2018 photo , shows the home of homicide victim kathleen dawn west in calera , ala. god wants to encourage us and relieve our suffering if we will just go to him at all times . what appears to be the remainder of a blood stain darkens the asphalt across the street from the two-story brick home she shared with her husband
vietor said the iraqis have given assurances to the administration that daqduq will be tried for his crimes . ) , lieberman and sen. daqduq is accused of organizing a 2007 raid in karbala , iraq , where five u.s. soldiers were killed . ) friday , who had wanted him transferred to guantánamo bay for a military tribunal . john mccain ( r-ariz. ) called the move “disgraceful. ” “the real test regarding daqduq was not whether the united states should violate our security agreement with iraq in order to maintain custody of him outside of the country .
officers in neighbouring cheshire revealed they have received a small number of reports , and declared it unacceptable for people to dress up as clowns to scare others . ” elaine bailey said : “my daughter had trouble sleeping after hearing about this yesterday ! police in gloucestershire said there have been six reports of clowns acting suspiciously and sometimes in a threatening way . the m.e.n . samantha yessam said : “why would someone buzz off scaring people . the warning saturday follows a string of incidents in recent days in an apparent effort to copy clown-related threats in the united states .
and that ’ s precisely why we loved listening to her talk about them . . " " it ' s time to move on , " they sang . ” chelsea handler is nothing if not self-aware . ) she was a funnier version of our own inner monologue . channel colleagues giuliana rancic or jason kennedy , for example. fatigued by an endless onslaught of carefully controlled interviews monitored by helicoptering pr chaperones and delivering answers that were practically scripted to the same batch of questions asked ad nauseum , celebrities found handler ’ s couch to be an oasis for even the biggest a-listers .
as an advertiser , we do not have control over a show ’ s editorial content or what they say on air . the nature of talk radio is that from time to time listeners are offended by a host and ask that we pull our advertising . republican presidential hopefuls newt gingrich , rick santorum and ron paul also criticized limbaugh ' s remarks during sunday show appearances and on the campaign trail . limbaugh , with his highly personal attacks on miss fluke , overstepped any reasonable bounds of decency . even though mr. quicken loans , sleep train , sleep number , citrix systems inc.
" update : the ntsb has released a statement stating an intern is responsible for confirming the incorrect names . ” “being first on air and on every platform in all aspects of our coverage was a great accomplishment , but being 100 % accurate , effectively using our great sources and social media without putting a single piece of erroneous information on our air , is what we are most proud of as a newsroom , ” said news director lee rosenthal at the time . sounds like someone ' s summer internship is over . office of public affairs 490 l ' enfant plaza , sw washington , dc 20594 ( 202 ) 314-6100 kelly nantel kelly.nantel@ntsb.gov ### the national transportation safety board ( ntsb ) is an independent federal agency charged with determining the probable cause of transportation accidents , promoting transportation safety , and assisting victims of transportation accidents and their families .
an rspca spokeswoman said : " this was such a sad case and clearly this poor kitten would have suffered terribly over a prolonged period of time . laura cunliffe , 23 , of hoyland , near barnsley , put black-and-white mowgli into the microwave and turned it on for five minutes . advertisement advertisement as she was being sent down a member of the public gallery , who was thought to be one of cunliffe ’ s relatives , shouted : ‘she doesn ’ t know what ’ s happening – she hasn ’ t a clue.
one other thing google doesn ' t address in its announcement is whether its gift of free wi-fi will be ad supported or not . for a complete list of participating airports visit google ' s dedicated free wi-fi for the holidays website . microsoft and google , joining hands to bring you free wifi in terminals across the country . sounds easy ! » jiwire works with between 60 % and 70 % of all north american passenger airline services and hotel chains . yes , says lifehacker ' s servicey team . ( at least , that ' s my choice.
" this defendant may have thought he had quite a haul when he took nearly $ 200,000 in quarters from the federal reserve ' s coin storage at brink ' s , but now he carries a heavier load . 1 , 2014 , and feb. “what mr. stanton . between jan. the fbi investigated the case and assistant u.s. attorney henry cornelius is prosecuting . an april 2014 audit found four bags contained beads and only $ 1,000 in quarters . the quarters were placed so they would be visible through a plastic window in the neck of each bag .
" ryan spoke to the same event shortly afterward , saying that obama ' s contention that the health care law strengthened medicare was " just not true , " adding that the legislation " turned medicare into a piggy bank for obamacare . “no ! story highlights sen. ” people shouted . his wealth and investment industry background , as well as his father ' s decision to release a dozen years of tax records during his presidential run four decades ago , have only raised interest in romney ' s returns . watch this video from fox news , broadcast sept.
photo by ray ault a car was suspended from a telephone guy wire wednesday evening in mendon , after the driver reacted too quickly to a gps unit ' s instructions to turn around . story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser police said that the car left the lane of traffice while westbound on route 4 in mendon , when a gps device gave sudden directions to turn around , because the car had passed its intended destination . police say a too-quick reaction to a gps system ' s directions sent a toyota corolla driven by nabila altahan up the wire support of a telephone pole in mendon across from sugar &amp; spice restaurant on wednesday evening around 8 p.m. altahan and her passenger were not injured in the incident , state police said in a release .
nanjing ( china ) to nagoya ( japan ) solar impulse 2 is a lightweight aircraft driven by four electric propellers and banks of solar panels atop its fuselage and wings . weeks of delay the first attempt to fly over the ocean was cut short after a change in the forecast forced an unscheduled landing . it said those who had helped during this “challenging ” phase included aichi gov . its round-the-world voyage will end at its starting point , abu dhabi . leg 1 : 9 march . we are just doing the last logistical operations.
“we have responded to the letters we received from members of congress to inform them we currently have no plans to engage in this area and have had no substantive contact with the administration about ppaca ’ s implementation , ” mccarthy said in an email . check your phone number or try again later . the letters , dated june 27 , warn the chiefs of the national football league , major league baseball , national basketball association , national hockey league , professional golf association and nascar that partnering with the administration to publicize the benefits of the health care law would damage their reputations .
( also on politico : fauci talks quarantine ' s ' unintended consequences ' ) " it was my conclusion that we needed to do this to protect the public health of the people of new jersey , " christie said . , speaking during a news conference after a private u.n. security council meeting . patient nina pham is hugged by dr. again , trust matters . 24 , ... , friday , oct. but , he said , 28 , 2014 , file photo shows samantha power , u.s. ambassador to the u.n. chris christie says he has no second thoughts about enacting a 21-day medical quarantine on medical workers returning from treating ebola patients in west africa .
rose ' s eligibility as a candidate for election to the national baseball hall of fame . manfred ' s decision , which was communicated to rose both verbally and in writing , does not directly address that issue . " what has been presented to me for consideration falls well short of these requirements . 24. that meeting likely will come sometime after the all-star break . " the all-time hits leader , 74 , was placed on the permanently ineligible list for violating major league baseball ' s strict rule against betting on baseball on aug.
ulbricht was convicted on feb. while the salacious headlines that follow the prosecution of a bitcoin story_separator_special_tag products allegedly available through the silk road site . the fbi shut down silk road and arrested ulbricht on oct. when charges were announced against mr. 4 of multiple counts ; four of the charges , including distributing narcotics on the internet and engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise , carry potential life sentences . he was a known name and an early advocate in the bitcoin community . although the prosecutors said they found no evidence that anyone was harmed , they cited the murders for hire as evidence that mr.
amman/beirut ( reuters ) - president bashar al-assad ' s forces renewed a ground and aerial bombardment of aleppo on friday , extending efforts to crush rebels in syria ' s commercial capital in what the united states said it feared could become a massacre . everybody is bracing themselves for an intensive campaign . troops and tanks are said to be ringing the city and reinforcements are reportedly on their way to join them . antigovernment activists reached by phone and skype in aleppo said that the city ’ s civilian population was gripped by foreboding as government forces massed on the southern outskirts , and that fierce street clashes had sporadically erupted .
film rights to king ’ s speeches have been licensed to steven spielberg ’ s dreamworks . the estate then sued cbs for including footage of the speech in a segment of its documentary series the 20th century with mike wallace . and president johnson . both a sweeping epic and an intimate personal portrait , it possesses the scope and epic grandeur that befits its subject , the 1965 march from selma to montgomery , ala. led the civil rights movement , a feature film is being devoted to a pivotal chapter in the historic struggle , with king at its center .
one of the most notorious scenes in cinema history , the marlon brando and maria schneider butter rape scene in bernardo bertolucci ’ s last tango in paris , is making headlines once again , 44 years after the film ' s debut . not being able to do anything for myself . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . having been told that he would almost certainly spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair , bertolucci plunged into deep depression , convinced that his career as a director was over .
rick scott is headed to a recount , nelson ’ s campaign announced wednesday morning . scott ’ s lead in the race is 38,717 votes out of more than 8 million cast — a margin of less than one half of 1 percent . bill nelson and the state ’ s republican gov . “but you know what ? and i ’ m going to work with them and we will change , like it ’ s outdated . sen. scott spokesman chris hartline hammered the move . ” florida ’ s 67 counties now must recheck their tallies , a process they initially have until noon on nov.
“regrettably , we failed to recognize that the artwork we chose to accompany the story contained an offensive symbol , ” the director , jennifer lyons , said in an apology on wednesday . " http://usat.ly/1kx80zs in the middle of the star was the word " jude , " which is german for jew . ? nobody thought that ' s a bad choice of photo ? a twitter storm began almost immediately when mark larkinsky , an editor at chicago lawyer magazine , quickly tweeted his shock and amazement at the error . " " please know we are reviewing our in-house policies and changes have already been made to make sure a hurtful oversight like this never happens again , " officials with the station wrote in their apology .
" it ' s actually a beneficial thing to have , " explains abzhanov . this , he found , could result in salamanders with two heads – two heads that fought over food for the same body . it happens in humans as well . all the while the hydra hissed and writhed , its poisonous blood and breath threatening to exterminate greece ' s greatest hero . it was carried out by a biologist called hans spemann in the early 20th century . one , l e cable , wrote during the 1940s about a two-headed pipefish embryo .
story_separator_special_tag swiss television , citing local police , reports that 44 people have been injured , four of them seriously , in a head-on train collision in the west of the country . ) advertisement ( click prev or next to continue viewing images. the crash will interrupt train service between payerne and moudon -- a city near the line ' s halfway point -- until at least midnight , schaerli said . ( associated press ) public tv station srf quotes vaud canton ( state ) police spokesman pierre-olivier gaudard as saying one person has yet to be recovered from the wreckage .
compared to an earlier picture of the site , an image taken on november 22 , 2011 shows that most of the buildings on the compound appear extensively damaged ( see figures 1 and 2 ) . ” he also said their research would result in only a “short-term delay of a few days. hassan tehrani moghaddam . isis learned that the blast occurred as iran had achieved a major milestone in the development of a new missile . the spy-satellite business , once a secretive monopoly of advanced nations , went commercial starting more than a decade ago .
18 : in a statement later bobbins said , " jay ' s foremost concern is for the wonderful people who work for ' the tonight show . ” it ’ s hard to go through those kinds of cuts . leno is not the first late-night host to agree to a salary reduction . [ updated at 10 : 49 a.m. , aug. he reportedly brings home another $ 15m-$ 20m a year from his other gigs . “i don ’ t think ad sales are off . so what happened to merit the downsizing ?
at&t also confirmed it paid cohen ' s company , for " insights " into the trump administration . ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — stormy daniels ' lawyer said tuesday he has information showing that michael cohen , president donald trump ' s longtime personal attorney , received $ 500,000 from a company associated with a russian billionaire within months of paying hush money to daniels , a porn star who claims she had an affair with trump . mr. cohen have a lot of explaining to do.https://www.dropbox.com/s/pskgpwr15r48tx5/executive % 20summary.pdf?dl=0 … story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports .
kaiser . it is the gala wedding of kaiser and economist john roberts at the performing arts center brings together the nation ’ s highest court and the capital ’ s high society and will mark a new milepost in the recognition of same-sex unions . ginsburg ... kaiser told the associated press that he asked ginsburg to officiate because she is a longtime friend . while hearing arguments in the case in march , ginsburg argued for treating marriages equally . " justices generally avoid taking stands on political issues . 23 . kennedy . after victories at the supreme court earlier this summer , a wave of litigation is challenging bans on same-sex marriages in states where they remain prohibited .
story_separator_special_tag a ramadan tv ad by a middle eastern telecommunications company in which victims of terrorism confront a suicide bomber and urge society to “bomb violence with mercy ” has provoked a heated debate in the region , with some praising its attempt to tackle extremism and others criticising it for using victims of bombings and a simplistic portrayal of terrorists . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . both were claimed by isis . he resembles a young syrian boy , omran daqneesh , whose image went viral after he was rescued from aleppo last year .
even worse , he added , heroin use is spreading in iowa , and its deadly reach is likely to continue to grow . people dying of heroine overdoses and what have you , they are in their 20 ' s , 30 ' s , their 40 ' s . at 8 : 11 , a third call . the numbers back them up . a report last year by new jersey advance media notes that the per-capita rate of story_separator_special_tag a view of washington , pa. then another , and another , and another and another .
toy maker lego a/s on thursday said its revenue in the first six months rose 11 % boosted by " the lego movie " products , making it the biggest toy company in the world by revenue and profit , ahead of barbie-maker mattel inc. to inquire about purchasing more than 99 of one item , please call 800-362-4738 . buh-bye barbie . hello lego ! lego , which is not publicly listed , releases only half-year figures . [ happen ] in a short time-span of a few weeks leading up to the holiday season , " said goodwin .
“this is really what is driving children ’ s obesity , ” said study author barry popkin , a professor of nutrition at unc ’ s gillings school of global public health . those who followed a " prudent diet " when not dining on fast food -- even those who were considered high consumers of fast food -- were significantly less likely to be overweight or obese . published in the journal childhood obesity , the study included data from a the team analyzed dietary intake in nearly 4,500 children between 2 years and 18 years old .
it turned out that the flying saucer cross-section was a surprisingly good shape to take — much better than the cylindrical shape the snake would have if it didn ' t compress itself . choi on twitter and google+ . as frightening as the idea of a 4-foot ( 1.2-meter ) flying snake might be to some , these mildly venomous reptiles are harmful only to small prey . story_separator_special_tag by charles q. scientists already knew that flying snakes climb up trees by using ridges on their belly scales to help grip bark as they slither upward , and that when the animals glide downward , they undulate from side to side .
there is , however , one thing that helps these families , and it helps a lot : it ’ s called the adoption tax credit , a $ 13,570 non-refundable credit that phases out for truly high-income families . they appeal to churches . congress must remember this as we work through the details of tax reform in the coming weeks , ” sen. “being pro-life means being pro-adoption . mark walker ( r-n.c. advertisement rep. ) tweeted friday . you can patiently and faithfully care for a birth mother , and she can exercise her proper and unquestioned right to keep the baby .
vcu medical center in richmond announced the births in a statement wednesday , saying they were the first sextuplets delivered at the hospital . “while our level 4 nicu cares for the region ’ s most critically ill and premature babies every day , it ’ s humbling to help the taiwos ’ new family survive and thrive . the act of placing the infant skin-to-skin with mom or dad has been shown to maintain skin temperature regulation of the newborn , increase initiation of successful breastfeeding , and ease the transition to life outside the womb . mrs.
mcgowan has accused weinstein of raping her in 1997 , and claims that one of the disgraced producer ’ s close associates offered her $ 1 million to remain silent about the assault . “our police have attempted to contact ms. 20 tested positive for narcotics , ” said rob yingling , a spokesman for the metropolitan washington airports authority police department . how are you today ? and then , in response to recent allegations against kevin spacey – and other uncorroborated allegations against other prominent gay men in hollywood – she tweeted : “spacey singer spacey singer ancier geffen good afternoon .
" she has been a big supporter of clinton throughout the presidential race and opened with her song " roar , " which has become an anthem for clinton ' s campaign . we need champions like katy now more than ever : her “it will get brighter and brighter and brighter . ” she shouted . kaine criticized comey ' s decision , but said he does not think comey is trying to influence the election . thank you , hillary . 5 , 2016 , in tampa , fla. “i have seen katy ' s commitment to the causes she believes in firsthand , ” she continued .
" mammograms have been a huge step forward for millions of american women , but we still have about 21 million women and girls in america who don ' t have a doctor , who don ' t receive any kind of mammogram screening on any kind of basis regardless of their age , " she said . " the task force is " making recommendations , not coverage decisions , not payment decisions . probably would be . marsha blackburn , r-tennessee . " the health reform debate and this is where you start getting a bureaucrat between you and your physician .
" brian williams has been with nbc news for a very long time and he has covered countless news events with honor and skill . nbc also confirmed that lester holt , williams ' fill-in since february , will become the permanent anchor of the " nightly news . executives at nbc hope to announce the deal as soon as thursday , but there were still some hurdles to clear , multiple sources said . they worried of a " williams effect , " — a taint on the news division ’ s image will only get stronger now .
“but , ” she said , “that ’ s not why i lost. ” story continued below clinton again argued that the letter former fbi director james comey sent to congress about her private email server just more than a week before the election was what prompted her to lose critical ground at the end . story_separator_special_tag hillary rodham clinton has spent four decades in public service as an advocate , attorney , first lady , u.s. senator and u.s. secretary of state . sign up for politico playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox .
“well , actually it was an accident . " king asked . ” but the slip-up doesn ’ t have her stressing about future social media posts . “20 weeks , ” she announced . " i didn ' t tell a lot of people to be quite honest and i ' d been saving it . “i ’ m happy to confirm serena is expecting a baby this fall , ” the rep shared . what do you mean ? also at the ted talks event , williams opened up her career plans post-baby . ’ but it was a good moment .
news today that the actor is please that he is moving on from the divorce . tom cruise and katie holmes ’ divorce case was closed monday , bringing to a swift end the breakup of one of hollywood ’ s most high-profile couples . 2006 in a lavish ceremony in italy . rschapiro@nydailynews.com lawyers and reps for the mega stars did not return messages seeking comment . ” the 33-year-old holmes blindsided cruise , 50 , with divorce papers on june 28. photos : a look back at tomkat ' s romance but fans eager for juicy details are out of luck .
scientists in south america have discovered that the larvae of the argentine horned frog , a species remarkable for its tendency to try eating anything that passes , emit a " brief , clear and very audible metallic-like sound " when they feel threatened . please turn on javascript . this could be because the tadpoles can more easily access air , which they then expel . the tadpoles also produce the sounds when they are removed from the water . many adult amphibians use loud sounds such as croaks to advertise their presence , and often to attract sexual partners .
andrew lincoln ’ s character was always a creep it was weird to show up outside keira knightley ’ s house in 2003 , and it ’ s even weirder now , when so what did red nose day , actually actually teach us ? half-naked greg davies in a hot tub on the roof of the o2 arena “for absolutely no reason ” . take a look at the first snippet below . could not subscribe , try again later invalid email oh boy . , the 10-minute follow-up featured another surprise cameo from the catwalk . a mystery , to my mind .
joining together in a mighty chorus that is finally saying time ’ s up , ” judd said . “then he attempted to perform oral sex on me . in a statement to people , a spokesperson for weinstein previously denied “all of the sexual allegations as portrayed by salma ” — though he did admit to “boorish behavior. the 2018 oscars were held at the dolby theatre at hollywood &amp; highland center on march 4 and were telecast live on abc . in it , she recounted one specific night during the 1990s when the oscar-winning producer allegedly barged into her apartment after dropping her off .
but in many ways , stephen wolfram ' s latest search tool is more impressive . i plugged in things like yosemite national park ' s half dome and was told it was " elevation , " while a photo of a gecko was identified as a " night lizard . how all this ascends beyond assaulting a website with photos of your last vacation or what ' s in your kitchen , is tantalizing . stephan wolfram gives the technology can also be used by others to build image identification into their apps . it ’ s pretty amazing when it works .
" the child omran , those who tried to shed syrian blood mislead the news that he was hit by the syrian arab army , " she wrote . this feature is not available right now . daqneesh ’ s father told the reporter his son was in good health in aleppo - now under the control of president bashar al-assad ’ s forces . his older brother , ali , died from his wounds after the attack . her selfie appears to be a triumphant message of victory against terrorists during the battle now raging in aleppo . story_separator_special_tag omran daqneesh became a symbol of the suffering in aleppo after a heartbreaking photo showing him sitting in the back of an ambulance — bloodied , dazed , dusty and confused — went viral on social media .
by the same token , an appreciation for hayek ’ s work by no means makes you an “austrian. the conventional wisdom is that the relatively strong growth in the fourth quarter was a false dawn , and the economy is destined to stall out . “austrian economics , ” in this sense , goes beyond standard-issue free market thinking in a number of ways . why would we all be austrians ? this brings saving and investment back into equilibrium and ensures that resources are put to good use . most notably , it seeks to build a strong ethical case for strict libertarianism without admitting that this would lead to any practical problems whatsoever .
the young woman confirmed that the flds members were not paid for their work , according to court documents . today we speak up for those who could not or would not speak up for themselves , " weil said . email : mromero@deseretnews.com twitter : mckenzieromero story_separator_special_tag the department of labor ( dol ) is fining one of the largest fundamentalist mormon churches $ 1.9 million for allegedly violating child labor laws . flds leaders are accused of directing schools in hildale , utah , and nearby colorado city , ariz. " she later worked in a paragon office , including managing the sign-in sheets used for children working at the ranch .
people line up to apply for russian passports in sevastopol , crimea , march 24 , 2014. the eu and us have imposed sanctions on russian officials after russia ' s annexation of crimea from ukraine . russia ’ s micex stock index has plunged 13.1 percent this year compared with a 5.8 percent decline for the msci emerging markets index . close russian president vladimir putin sent his popularity surging to a five-year high by making crimea a part of russia ... petersburg is shown here . ◀ ▶ < ▶ &#124; &#124; > 1/9 ...
“she gave me her number , but i guess she accidentally gave me the wrong one because when i texted her the next day , a different person messaged me back that it wasn ’ t her. calgary — a group of women named nicole at the university of calgary have united thanks to a mass email sent by a man trying to locate his missed connection . ” “we met at the campus bar and we talked and had struck a pretty interesting conversation , ” said zetina . ” so the following morning , zetina said , he sent an email to 246 people with “nicole ” in their name , writing that the nicole he is looking for is from holland and thinks german philosopher friedrich nietzsche is “depressing.
you always want to keep a fire extinguisher handy , especially on your boat , but if you didn ' t and things start getting a little toasty , this is probably the best you can hope for . what more could you ask for in a good deed ? [ reddit ] story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . despite all the nay-saying in the background , this speedy good samaritan here managed to put out that fire quite well , and look like a badass doing it .
indian man held for selling baby grandson on facebook new delhi — police in northern india said wednesday they had arrested a 47-year-old man for selling his newborn grandson to a local businessman in a deal that was struck on facebook . copyright © 2013 afp . all rights reserved . the case was the “tip of a iceberg ” of a child-trafficking scandal and more details were expected as the alleged middle-man was being questioned , police said . tens of thousands of children in india are thought to be trafficked every year , some for adoption but also many for bonded labour , begging or sexual exploitation .
" . there ' s an app for that ! ) : " it turns out no one wants to go through the hassle of setting up and monitoring a bidding platform for a parking space and spend 10-20 minutes hanging out in a spot just to collect a few dollars ( or less ) . today , that declaration is very true . but i ' m meeting with some investors this weekend . eating unhealthy ? " tinder for dogs . purpose . " shock therapy : " app that shocks you when you haven ' t been moving your bod enough .
" now ' s the time for peace and calm on the streets of ferguson . police have used tear gas and smoke bombs on crowds who gathered to protest the death of brown on saturday ; some protesters have thrown molotov cocktails . louis county police control of the ferguson situation with the missouri state highway patrol . “for nixon to never talk to the commanders in the field and come in here and take this action is disgraceful , " mcculloch said . obama , speaking from his vacation at martha ' s vineyard , mass.
" it ' s worth noting that this is not your grandfather ' s pravda . we have been critical of his stance on russia and international politics in our materials , but we would be only pleased to publish a story penned by such a prominent politician as john mccain . " in addition ... so i believe that mr. ( and look : mccain didn ' t even need to hire a fancy public relations firm. " he was never a senator , " said rogers . mccain would want to address : democracy and human rights in russia and certainly the putin regime ' s aiding and abetting of the syrian regime , which has killed 100,000 of its own people .
the low-resolution video shows a security story_separator_special_tag never-before-seen video released thursday shows a security guard admitting an unidentified man into the isabella stewart gardner museum the night before the infamous 1990 art heist , adding a stunning new clue to boston ’ s most enduring mystery . our aim has been to ensure that all avenues have been explored in the continuing quest to recover these artworks , ” said united states attorney carmen ortiz . “over many months we have engaged in an exhaustive re-examination of the original evidence in this case . ( associated press ) in this march 18 , 1990 still image from surveillance video released by the u.s. attorney ' s office , thursday , aug.
sequoia is dedicated to nnsa ' s advanced simulation and computing ( asc ) program for stewardship of the nation ' s nuclear weapons stockpile , a joint effort from llnl , los alamos national laboratory and sandia national laboratories . prof dongarra told the bbc it was unlikely that another manufacturer would overtake ibm in the next year . " sequoia also represents continued american leadership in high performance computing . " substantial planning went into this . sequoia consumes 7.9 megawatts compared to the k computer which uses 12.6 megawatts . " a calculation that took three full days to compute on the thinking machines in 1993 today can be done in less than one second on the sequoia , " he said .
richard ojeda richard ojeda " that ' s all i remember , " ojeda said . he wanted to be pounding the pavement and reminding everyone to go out and vote . it has no place in our political campaigns or in our communities . jail records do not list attorney information for porter . senior trooper j.e . t. baylous told the washington post . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . that is until jonathan porter showed up . art kirkendoll , said in a statement that he was praying for ojeda and wished him a full recovery .
in the coming supreme court term , for the third time , the high court will hear the detainees ’ cases story_separator_special_tag update , 21 april : science has learned that the court order referred to in this story has been amended . what happened to habeas corpus ? these men have faced indefinite detention , sham trials , and conditions rapidly inducing psychological deterioration for nearly six years . . . when you challenge your detention by filing a habeas corpus petition , the executive branch must explain to a neutral judge its justification for holding you . ” richard cupp , a law professor at pepperdine university in malibu , california , and a noted opponent of personhood for animals , cautions against reading too much into the ruling , however .
in 2015 , a stonehenge alliance petition calling for a longer tunnel gained 17,500 signatures . it should therefore make it much easier to appreciate the grandeur of stonehenge . campaigners claim the 1.8-mile ( 2.9 km ) dual-carriageway tunnel will cause " irreparable damage " to the landscape . the busy a303 trunk road in wiltshire , england runs right past stonehenge . chris grayling gives go-ahead to road tunnel under stonehenge read more that , at least , is going to change . ” she added : “after many false starts and challenges , this does for the first time feel like a real opportunity to tackle the blight of the road story_separator_special_tag visiting stonehenge becomes ever harder .
this week , google ’ s video site will start offering new contracts to some of the channel programmers/creators it signed up in the last year . " celebrity alone isn ' t enough to drive it , " said courtney holt , coo of maker studios , which launched tutele , mom ' s view and the coming maker music . as we continue to talk to advertisers and marketers , there ’ s a real sense that they ’ re looking at youtube differently , ” byrne says . nor was simply creating content -- however good it might be -- and posting it to a channel .
if republicans object to the proposal because of pressure from trump , schumer said lawmakers should follow pelosi ' s advice and approve six appropriations bills and a separate measure extending current funding for homeland security . house democratic leader nancy pelosi of california , meets with reporters at her weekly news conference on capitol hill in washington , thursday , dec. learn more " he has given every indication that he would . missouri sen. 21. ( ap photo/j . 30. protecting borders " is a responsibility we honor , but we do so by honoring our values as well , " she added .
“when the country ’ s in crisis and when a bipartisan agreement is needed , i ’ ve demonstrated on no fewer than four occasions that i can step into the breach and get an outcome that ’ s good for the country , ” he said . but will his work with democrats mean his re-election bid will take a hit ? ) realized he had run out of luck . 2 conversation . a particular low point came oct. so over the final 24 hours of the drama , mcconnell , perhaps the most accomplished congressional dealmaker of his time , scrambled to pick up the pieces .
one was that on 22 december 1992 , almost four years to the day after pan am 103 was blown up over lockerbie , a libyan arab airlines 727 was shot down on gaddafi ' s orders . walker , an arms control expert with the environmental group green cross international who has helped in efforts to demilitarize the american and russian chemical weapons stockpiles since the 1990s . “it ’ s a big breakthrough , ” said paul f. at that time , libya declared for destruction 24.7 metric tons of sulfur mustard , a syrupy liquid that when loaded into bombs or artillery shells and exploded creates a toxic mist that penetrates clothing , burns and blisters exposed skin , and can kill with large doses or if left untreated .
katie couric could announce as early as monday a move to abc that would include a syndicated daytime talk show and contributions to abc news , a person familiar with the negotiations tells thewrap . winfrey ' s exit — is throwing audience loyalties up for grabs . the walt disney co. ms. the expected announcement was first reported by the wall street journal . also read : scott pelley replacing couric at cbs ' evening news ' couric is wasting no time : her current , 5-year contract with cbs ends this weekend . it caps months of talks with multiple media companies , ...
“i ’ m so excited , ” she said . megyn kelly , in a series of prelaunch interviews , has been very clear about the show she wants to run every day at 9 a.m. on nbc — one that ' s light on politics but heavy on inspiration and fun . " and then we ' ll be dissecting the latest tweet from president trump ! i know . “the truth is , i am kind of done with politics for now. if it matters to you , it matters to us . " as you heard , we have the entire cast of will &amp; grace live , along with the show creator , " kelly told her live studio audience .
" she took your breath away , " a guest tells reese witherspoon ' s fairy tale wedding to agent jim toth was fit for hollywood royalty , from the picturesque setting to the bride ' s dream dress.the nuptials , which took place on march 26 at libby ranch , witherspoon ' s ojai , calif. the kids seemed like they had no problem with him around . one of the things about being a polite southern girl saddled with a cumbersome fame is that you are in constant negotiation with your surroundings . ... look at my weird life !
lockheed martin washington — in response to a series of cost overruns and other development issues for the f-35 fighter jet , president-elect donald trump said on thursday he has asked boeing to " price-out a comparable f-18 super hornet . in after-hours trading following trump ’ s tweet , lockheed shares fell 2 percent and boeing ’ s rose 0.7 percent . ( ap photo/andrew ... carlos barria/reuters 21 , 2016 . , wednesday , dec. lockheed declined to comment . it was the culmination of weeks of interference by the president-elect in the arcane , bureaucratic function of federal procurement .
) , in rangel ' s defense . and rep. to be sure , rangel deserved punishment for his wrongs , which included failing to pay taxes on his dominican beach home and improperly using his office for charitable fundraising . they wanted the perks that went with their positions of power . he and rosty had the same view of the hometown patronage games that brought them down . " far more serious ethical lapses than mr. the number of people who were determined to keep that from happening were legion , both in washington and new york .
“i told him to stop , but he didn ’ t listen , ” he said outside his family ’ s home . robert ' s father gets on the line and quickly realizes what the call is about . " every day we answer numerous 911 calls , " police said . at the time , michael tried to explain to his son that it was ok to take a right turn at a red under certain circumstances . michael laughed , he said , and brushed off the comment . sign up thank you for signing up !
the report is said to be a searing indictment of the program . mark udall , d-colo. sen. seems to me thats a yes or no answer. brennan replied that hed have to get back to wyden after looking into what the act actually calls for and its applicability to cias authorities. the law makes it a criminal act for someone to intentionally access a computer without authorization or to go beyond what theyre allowed to access . , and the committees high-security work spaces on capitol hill . udall also said without significant progress on his previous requests and on removing obstacles to committee oversight of the cia ' s detention and interrogation program , he will be unable to support advancing caroline krass ' s nomination to be cia general counsel .
police were sent to the home monday ... — tyisha luneice chambers , the children ' s mother " his main job was taking care of his seven children , " edwards said . shock and disbelief in a small eastern shore community . ( associated press ) police chief scott keller speaks about a home where police say seven children and one adult have been found dead monday , april 6 , 2015 , in princess anne , md . utilities can terminate service without notice if it finds hazardous conditions or the customer had tampered with equipment .
he asserted last week in london that his appointment as a diplomat by the car gave him protection from legal action in a bankruptcy case . becker ' s lawyer was not immediately available for comment . " he said car was launching an inquiry into who issued the phoney diplomatic passport to becker . ” moroubama said the job becker claimed to be doing for his nation – which , despite abundant natural resources including gold , diamonds and uranium , ranks bottom of the un ’ s human development index – “does not exist ” . in that month he tweeted a picture of himself shaking hands with car president faustin-archange touadera in brussels .
timberlake crooned of “disasters in the world ” and “so much darkness in the world , ” but this was not going to be the story_separator_special_tag compared with prince ' s , justin timberlake ' s halftime show was a joke close sheila e. it ended better than it started . " ( feb. whatever . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . also absent , for obvious reasons : a prince hologram , which tmz reported and turned out to be semi-fake news , as the site subsequently updated its story with a correction that it would be video of prince projected onto a wind-swept screen .
there is no publicly available data showing that either romney or other officials at bain knew of stericycle ' s work with planned parenthood and abortion clinics before the investment . today , it has more than 485,000 customers worldwide . the company said romney left the firm in february 1999 to run the troubled 2002 winter olympics in salt lake city and likely had nothing to with the deal . looking for news you can trust ? its clients include hospitals , blood banks , and pharmaceutical manufacturers . stericycle , a massive medical waste disposal service company , received a $ 75 million investment from bain capital in 1999 and soon became an industry leader .
he ' s right . almost anyone that has turned on the telly in australia during an olympic games will tell you that the coverage leaves a lot to be desired . she ’ s certainly the best gymnast i ’ ve seen in my lifetime and is bound to be a history-maker and record-breaker . heats , repeats , bronze medals . in the women ' s 5,000-meter heat , abbey d ' agostino of the u.s. and new zealand ' s nikki hamblin — strangers before that day — were involved in a tumble . phelps won six medals , five of them gold , to increase his career haul to 23 olympic titles and 28 medals overall .
“it ’ s not up to lincoln to tell me how much my bmi should be . they ’ re in the historically black university ’ s first graduating class required to either have a bmi below 30 or to take “fitness for life , ” a one semester class that mixes exercise , nutritional instruction and discussion of the risks of obesity . james c. ” deboy defended the rule . " what ' s the point of this ? some students argue that their time at lincoln may be prolonged because of an additional class.university officials say that they are actively working to increase the health of their students , but many have their doubts .
“more than being lampooned as a press secretary who makes up facts , ” a source close to trump told the web site , “it was spicer ’ s portrayal by a woman that was most problematic in the president ’ s eyes. but trump has kept mum on that subject so far , restricting his messages to the super bowl and undermining the u.s. judicial system . ! ! story_separator_special_tag lorne michaels , your phone is ringing . willing to take one for the team ? when kristen stewart and alec baldwin each took their shots at donald trump last saturday night , a certain segment of the population waited for the president to explode on twitter the next morning .
" " we told him who we were and we told him that we were here to help him , " clayton county police sgt . the boy ' s father , stepmother and their three teenage children have been arrested . joanne southerland pulled back a piece of wood from the back of a linen closet and uncovered a hidden space between the garage and the attic . he declined to provide specific details , saying he didn ' t want to jeopardize the investigation . just one more thing ... police found nothing . huddled . thank you .
ap review : many of the discretionary meetings clinton had at state were with people who gave to clinton foundation . " she added : " i know there ' s a lot of smoke , and there ' s no fire . " my work as secretary of state was not influenced by any outside forces . " in other words , the now-deleted tweet gave story_separator_special_tag on media blog archives select date … december , 2015 november , 2015 october , 2015 september , 2015 august , 2015 july , 2015 june , 2015 may , 2015 april , 2015 march , 2015 february , 2015 january , 2015 the tweet in question linked to an investigation by the ap into how many clinton foundation donors also met with hillary clinton while she was secretary of state .
this 1917 oil painting , " nu couche ( sur le cote gauche ) " by amedeo modigliani , was auctioned at sotheby ' s in new york for more than $ 157 million , in their impressionist &amp; modern art evening sale monday , ... modigliani shocked europe at the turn of the 19th century with his series of 22 nudes reclining in every possible position . on that occasion it was placed at auction by the casino mogul steve wynn . modigliani has proved a problematic artist for top collectors . facebook twitter pinterest a sotheby ’ s preview of the sale on 4 may .
" most people with down syndrome have a cerebellum that ' s about 60 percent of the normal size , " he said . as they report in the sept. researchers found that the treated mice did as well as normal mice on story_separator_special_tag scientists have taken another step forward when it comes to treating down syndrome . this , in turn , leads to intellectual disabilities , distinctive facial features and sometimes heart problems and other health effects . the gene provides instructions for making a protein called sonic hedgehog , which is essential for development . , a professor in the mckusick-nathans institute of genetic medicine at the johns hopkins university school of medicine .
story_separator_special_tag rodney king drinking , smoking weed before drowning rodney king dead -- drinking , smoking weed before drowning exclusive ' s fiancée is telling friends rodney had been drinking all day saturday ... damon feldman -- who worked with king on the boxing circuit and has known him for several years -- tells tmz he spoke to king at 4 : 00 pm and they discussed his future in boxing . king died early this morning at his home in rialto , ca . " kelley is telling friends she then went to grab her phone when she heard a big splash .
sylvia , 58 , was charged on monday in federal court in camden with one count of solicitation to commit a crime of violence . " our words and thoughts are powerful and help create the life we desire , " she wrote on the profile . she was released on $ 50,000 bail . her attorney could not immediately be reached for comment . nj.com/tips follow him on twitter at @thomasdmoriarty . find nj.com on facebook . tell us . ” “something so he can ’ t do push-ups , so he can ’ t work out.
, the mathematical basis of the spectral-temporal asymmetry ) to frame mustached bat literature , we show that recent findings in bat ac ( 1 ) support the notion that hemispheric specialization for speech and music is based on hemispheric differences in temporal and spectral resolution , ( 2 ) discredit closed-system , handedness , and brain-volume theories , ( 3 ) underscore the importance of sex differences , and ( 4 ) provide new avenues for phonological research . these files are currently not publicly accessible . turned off duplicate detection . image caption : pteronotus parnellii . the original runs were just against the enwiki .
” that ’ s when an “angel in disguise ” stepped in to save the day . the man was overwhelmed with joy and hugged the woman , repeatedly asking for her name so he could pay her back . “there is not just some ‘glamazon ’ or ‘egomaniac ’ heading this company ; there is a humble person who really cares about people ! “$ 700 something ? ... crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . but since it did , she hopes her action might inspire someone else to make a positive impact in the life of another , cadora said .
it ' s freestyle fun all the way . now the mockumentary takes millennial form in the insanely funny popstar : never stop never stopping , starring andy samberg as conner4real , a rap star whose career is tanking . to spoof or to throw shade works for a hot second , but as evidenced by the success of inside amy schumer , broad city , and even samberg ' s brooklyn nine-nine , there has to be more to a premise than one-liners , cheap shots , and ott performances . his music video in support of the lgbt community , " equal rights , " keeps repeating " i ' m not gay !
murkowski , paul and collins also under scrutiny mccain was one of three most-watched members on the fence and considered a key vote on the bill . " i cannot in good conscience vote for the graham-cassidy proposal , " the arizona republican said in a statement . the poll from the left-leaning public policy polling finds that less than a quarter of respondents approve of the senate gop ' s latest repeal and replacement bill , while 50 percent disapprove . but there are still questions as to where alaska sen. ) , aims to give more control over health care to states .
paisley and underwood went on to sing a song set to the tune of underwood ’ s “before he cheats ” which immediately skewered donald trump . " in the middle of the night from the privacy of a gold-plated white toilet seat / he writing liddle ' bob corker , nfl and covfefe . " right now , he ' s probably in his pjs , reaching for his cellphone , " paisley sang . then maybe next time he ' ll think before he tweets . " are you kidding me ? " story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
the host of fox ' s pre-game show will intro the six-second spot before the game , while the other will run in a traditional pod within the game . t-mobile hopes so " we know that short-form videos perform better in digital , and that consumer attention spans are increasingly shorter , " kari marshall , vp of media at t-mobile , said in a statement to usa today . mobile push : want free netflix ? they ' re just waiting longer to buy . ( the median age of a homebuyer is 36. ) spencer rascoff , zillow ' s ceo , has some insight into why millennials are delaying their first home purchases .
74.8 million are owned , and that ' s only dropped by about 30 thousand in the past year . " there are just not a lot of renters with confidence , with a down payment , with good credit , and without a lot of additional debt , " said john burns , a homebuilder consultant in irvine , calif. now to vacancies . that means more new households are choosing to rent . questions ? realtycheck@cnbc.comand follow me on twitter @diana_olick where housing is headed see housing data for 28 major metro areas .
that ' s more than 18 of the 20 titles that will appear on the bestseller list for the week ending july 4. " a time for truth " has also sold more copies in a single week than rand paul ' s " taking a stand , " which has been out for more than a month , and more than marco rubio ' s " american dreams , " which has been out for six months . update ( 9 : 42 p.m. these files are currently not publicly accessible . properties of this collection .
russian president vladimir putin , who called on sunday for immediate negotiations on the " statehood " of southern and eastern ukraine , blamed kiev ' s leadership for refusing to enter into direct political talks with the separatists . nato insists that while there will be pre-positioned supplies and about 2,600 people have died since fighting began in april . ukrainian troops are battling pro-russian rebels in east ukraine . mr. stephen harper is heading to a crucial summit of nato leaders where the western military alliance will give itself the power to respond to threats more quickly in the face of russia ’ s continued effort to destabilize and break up ukraine .
lawless said that the man had been trying to get a hold of the relatives in the trailer and when he came home from work , he discovered the bodies and was attacked by lawson and was stabbed several times . 12 , 2017 , for lawson , ... officials were hunting thursday , oct. ” lawless said they were not releasing the names of victims yet because they were still notifying next of kin . “we have many families who are suffering. the suspect , 23-year-old arron lawson , is being sought on warrants for charges including aggravated murder , lawrence county sheriff jeffery lawless said .
before that agreement , fusion gps ' s research into trump was funded by an unknown republican client during the gop primary . " elias and fusion gps declined to comment on the arrangement . after that , fusion gps hired dossier author christopher steele , a former british intelligence officer with ties to the fbi and the u.s. intelligence community , according to those people , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . marc e. learn more story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
a spokesman for the bank would not discuss the matter before then . the rest will be diced up : $ 12.5 million for work-force training , $ 7 million for small-business assistance and $ 5.5 million toward economic growth projects such as a new streetcar system . this summer , a federal judge will decide whether to approve a plan that would allow the city to exit bankruptcy court by mid-october . the institution ’ s chairman and chief executive , jamie dimon , will make a public announcement about the money with state and city officials on wednesday .
previous studies of genes that were lost in this transition could only compare teleost fish to tetrapods , meaning that differences in gene content could have been due to loss in the tetrapod or in the lobe-finned fish lineages . 9 ) . dr. , a biological research institute in cambridge , mass. 30 ) and asip2 ( ref . 11 ) . but the coelacanth may have the last laugh because its genome — which , at 2.8 billion units of dna , is about the same size as a human genome — is decodable , whereas the lungfish genome , a remarkable 100 billion dna units in length , cannot be cracked with present methods .
kristin is still missing but her family was " hopeful " and " grateful " for news of the arrest , said chris hazen , the current husband of kirsten ' s mother , shannon . he has been transferred to oklahoma county jail . on tuesday fox 25 learned more about the man police say kidnapped and murdered a young girl . 15th and air depot blvd . read : affidavit released in midwest city cold case according to court documents , on july 22 , a dna sample matching palma was found in evidence collected in 1997.
insiders in massachusetts say kennedy ’ s decision isn ’ t a big surprise , and that the expected democratic field is mostly unchanged . said he ' s not taking the plunge into elected politics , either . brown was defeated in november by democrat elizabeth warren as he sought a full six-year term . sen. ” the news comes a day after former rep. michael capuano , stephen lynch and ed markey . president barack obama has promised to raise money and campaign for the eventual democratic nominee , politico reported on saturday . , ben affleck story_separator_special_tag ted kennedy jr.
“sometimes we make policy changes or other decisions and they don ’ t result in what we thought they were going to . a report by analysts at wolfe research in 2014 included photographs from a visit to walmart of a sad-looking display of nearly empty bins of oranges and lemons and disorganized shelves of crackers . productivity gains have been slow for years ; could fatter paychecks reverse that ? it had gone too far in trying to cut payroll costs to the bone . but there is sound economic theory behind the idea . our subject : wal-mart .
romney ' s campaign rejected santorum ' s statement . " yesterday mitt romney won the cpac straw poll and won a separate nationwide survey of conservatives conducted by cpac organizers . " i think i share your interest in that , because that was the first time i ’ ve heard that definition , so i guess mitt will have to tell us exactly what it means , " the texas congressman and gop presidential contender said sunday on cbs ' s " face the nation . conservative voters recognize that in order to change washington , we need someone who isn ' t a creature of washington.
( associated press ) thousands of anti-abortion protesters fill dublin ' s major thoroughfare , as they march against ireland ' s abortion bill saturday , july 6 , 2013. according to irish department of health figures released on thursday , about 4,000 irish women travelled to british hospitals and clinics to terminate their pregnancies last year . catholic conservatives vowed to drive his centrist fine gael party from power for violating its 2011 campaign pledge not to legislate on abortion . many lawmakers in the round-the-clock debate expressed hopes , or fears , that passage of the bill would put ireland on a slippery slope to granting wider abortion rights , as has already happened in the rest of europe .
a different face of the brotherhood is that of mohamed badi , 66-year-old veterinarian from the brotherhood ' s conservative wing who has been the group ' s supreme guide since last january . charles levinson explains . it was mr. 25 and ultimately unseated a 29-year president . he is focused on the fight for democracy and human rights in egypt . we say to our brothers the mujahideen in gaza : be patient , persist in [ your jihad ] , and know that allah is with you ... " but they do tend to eschew violence and work within the political process .
-- severe disorganized thinking -- moderate hallucinationsthe document was filed by julie , one of casey ' s daughters who is trying to become conservator . casey ' s kids claim jean has not allowed them any contact with their dad for 3 months . story_separator_special_tag exclusive casey kasem is mainly bedridden with advanced parkinson ' s disease , only able to " shuffle short distances " and may have the early onset of dementia ... story_separator_special_tag the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public .
oase 1 lived sometime between 42,000 and 37,000 years ago , making him one of europe ' s earliest modern humans . the finding that also indicates that interbreeding with neanderthals occurred much more recently than previously known . " the oase 1 genome has several big neanderthal-like segments , which is a quite lucky and unexpected thing , " fu said . evolutionary anthropology/paabo the researchers chose to study oase 1 because the jaw showed some neanderthal characteristics . for people around the world , except sub-saharan africans , about 1 to 3 percent of their dna comes from neanderthals , our close cousins who disappeared roughly 39,000 years ago .
it was memorial day weekend in 1984 , and the girl was in search of some food for her cats , boo boo and skeeter . “mommy , ” johnson recalled allie saying , “where ’ s christy ? then christy vanished . ! ! nothing will ever be the same after this … #justice4luna — pbso ( @pbcountysheriff crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . they are passing out papers with my picture on them . at 8 : 30 p.m. . . the girl ’ s face appeared on statewide billboards , milk cartons and america ’ s most wanted .
they took pugh ’ s black volvo , but then pugh said griffin couldn ’ t decide where he wanted to take her . the victim relayed information about the date and led police to the summer drive-in theater . it turns out that was a big mistake . “he drove off . griffin is charged with theft of property . story_separator_special_tag memphis , tenn. a woman reported her car stolen saturday after kelton griffin went to her house to go on a date . “he just out of the blue texted me and asked me to go out , ” pugh said .
the policy states : “please be aware that if your spoken words include personal or other sensitive information , that information will be among the data captured and transmitted to a third party through your use of voice recognition. it means it ' s always listening to you . 1984 anyone ? in addition , the smarttv helps make the searchable guides and other smarttv content more relevant to you by highlighting programming and content that is likely to interest you , such as episodes of programs that you may have missed and new programs , applications and other content that we believe you will find of interest .
he contended that the senate should do so " if republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the senate . after the early friday vote , trump in a tweet called on the chamber to change procedures and require only a 51-vote majority on legislation — getting rid of the filibuster for bills . " " even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 , some really good things need 60. and the gop has struggled to pass its agenda outside of that . learn more email sign up by signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from politico .
” “our country right now , it ’ s got problems we don ’ t have in the military , ” mattis said . “we ’ ve got the power of inspiration and we ’ ll get the power of inspiration back . you know it and i know it . the memo also directs mattis to further explore to how to handle transgender people currently serving in the armed forces . defense secretary james mattis james norman mattisovernight defense : pentagon says trump canceled parade before cost briefing &#124; erik prince renews push for contractors to run afghan war &#124; more officials join outcry over security clearances erik prince hopeful bolton more open to contractors for afghan war pentagon : trump canceled military parade before being briefed on cost more gave a pep talk to u.s. troops stationed abroad during his trip to three countries last week .
the department had to make arrangements for its own employees to cut off service for commercial customers , latimer said , adding that the recipients of the 46,000 shut-off notices sent out in may included commercial properties . some 50 demonstrators on thursday held a protest outside the offices of homrich , a company contracted by the detroit water and sewerage department ( dwsd ) to stop the flow to residences at least two months past due on their accounts . “people are mad . . if you haven ' t been yet , you need to get there now .
neighbours of bissonnette ' s parents said he was renting an apartment with his twin brother near story_separator_special_tag quebec city/toronto ( reuters ) - a french-canadian university student was the sole suspect in a shooting at a quebec city mosque and was charged with the premeditated murder of six people , canadian authorities said on monday , in what prime minister justin trudeau called “a terrorist attack. 21. two of the surviving victims will need more surgery , while the other three are stable and may be discharged soon . the slightly-built bissonnette made a brief appearance in court under tight security wearing a white prison garment and looking downcast .
[ a new method against genetically modified salmon : get retailers to refuse to sell it ] the fda said thursday that its decision was " based on sound science and a comprehensive review , " and that regulators are confident that the genetically altered fish is as safe to eat as a normal atlantic salmon , with no discernible difference in its nutritional value . , director of fda ’ s division of food labeling and standards . , m.s. the public is invited to provide comments on this draft guidance ( see box below ) . consumers can also learn more about how a food is produced by contacting the manufacturer , billingslea says .
" you know , i have to say , we actually arranged for that , because it made me feel at home , " obama added . the president was speaking to an audience of university students when a heckler began to shout from somewhere in the room . ” during the 2010 state of the union address , and again by dailycaller.com reporter neil munro during a speech in the white house rose garden in june of 2012. watch : ( ap photo/carolyn kaster ) , once by south carolina ’ s rep. in a march 14 interview for israeli television , however , president obama said that pollard committed “a serious crime ” and that there are currently “no plans ” to release him .
i had just got taken for one-half of everything i had in the divorce , so it ' s not like i don ' t have to work . " and continuing his pursuit as the man doggedly keeps filming . 12 earthquake , how sean penn , paul haggis , maria bello and their friends are still fighting for haiti ’ s survival amid unspeakable horror . penn is here to meet its founder , a haitian-american event producer funding the endeavor from his new york base who ’ s come to see the result , his exquisite tunisian girlfriend in tow .
that ' s why i said no . nude photographs of prince harry in a las vegas , usa , hotel ... " he said he turned them down . " the public interest argument is on the basis that prince harry represents this country around the world and the photos bring into question his suitability to act as a british ambassador , " hutchings said , although he added : " the sun have taken a calculated risk in publishing the photos given their inherently private nature . cover your ears , queen elizabeth ! harry ' s not alone .
fallin , however , said that raising the minimum wage would hurt oklahomans . " sen. mandating an increase in the minimum wage would require businesses to fire many of those part-time workers . david slain , the lawyer who wrote the petition , said he is disappointed that the state ’ s legislature " would vote in such a way to take the right of the people to decide minimum wage . " yet numerous studies have called this an untrue stereotype . it added that more than a quarter have children to support and more than half work full time .
i will always be appreciative of his 24/7 dedication to our campaign after i won the primaries and for his extremely wise counsel , ” trump said in a written statement . giuliani pulls name from contention for secretary of state exxonmobil ceo rex tillerson has emerged as the leading contender for the job . read more " giuliani started doing interviews about himself , and that bothered people . james stavridis , foreign relations committee chair sen. bob corker ( r-tenn. “they ' re down to the last two , three , four . others still in the mix include retired adm.
” tobacco companies challenge legality of uk plain packaging rules read more professor mike daube , who chaired the government ’ s expert committee that recommended plain packaging , said the tobacco companies were “desperate to prevent plain packaging here and internationally because they know it works ” . the science is clear ; the time for action is now. file photo : an ash tray with cigarette butts is pictured in hinzenbach , austria , february 5 , 2012. “other countries should feel confident that bullying tactics of big tobacco cannot stand in the way of public health measures.
" what we think cats are doing here is just trying to reassure their person — or [ another ] cat — who is hearing the purr that they are no threat , and ideally they ' d like them to stand still and help them do something , " bradshaw told gross . bradshaw has also advised cat lovers to keep their ears peeled for purring . for instance , knowing that cats carry out this tail-up/rub ritual as a form of friendly greeting should influence the way cat owners interact with their pets , bradshaw says . so the advice would be , take your time when approaching your cat , and wait for it to at least put its tail up before making actual contact , " he told huffpost .
cerevisiae genotypes from each of these regional sub-populations that span and represent the genetic diversity within each region . “the take-home message of this paper is that different strains of yeast used to ferment grapes impart a specific chemistry to the wine , ” said microbiologist jack gilbert of the argonne national laboratory in illinois who was not involved in the work . their findings were published today ( september 24 ) in scientific reports . selection of s. microsatellite genotype profiling of these isolates revealed the presence of 295 different genotypes . “this study attacks that question.
steve jobs ' resignation as apple inc. in being promoted from coo to ceo , tim cook has also been given a seat on apple ' s board , just as jobs had . , and arthur d. and he definitely couldn ' t have waited . why now ? many apples for there are many apples . i mean now in the broader context of apple ' s future . all other directors remain . ; millard s. incredible . because of health concerns , maybe . the succession plan , one of the most closely guarded secrets this side of d-day , is running .
related : milo yiannopoulos ' ' free speech ' week canceled “uber will literally hire an islamic terrorist , but they will ban a conservative journalist for addressing legitimate safety concerns , ” she tweeted . story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . learn more after twitter announced late wednesday that it planned to overhaul its process for verifying accounts , the site started yanking that big blue check mark from a number of prominent far-right users , who proceeded to lose their minds in spectacular fashion . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
in the advert , the boy asks his mum about his absent dad , sparking some reminiscence . " it ' s an unnecessary subject to exploit for the gain of a brand . ’ to view this video please enable javascript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video in a revised statement released this afternoon , the fast food giant announced they would be removing the ad from all media this week . ‘we are particularly sorry that the advert may have disappointed those people who are most important to us – our customers .
and in 2010 , after years of struggling with prescription drug and alcohol abuse , teddy ’ s son , patrick , opted not to run for reelection to his rhode island congressional seat . the kennedys are girding for a comeback . but the electoral winds weren ’ t as friendly on the cape as in other parts of the state . ” story_separator_special_tag article joseph p. how the mighty have fallen . what ’ s the big deal , you ask ? camelot groupies , rejoice ! while most of the political world was glued this week to the republican presidential field ’ s tussle for the hearts of granite staters , a fresh democratic front was opening just down the road in massachusetts .
the best way of telling that you have no influence : you can ' t even get someone to post a better photo on your wikipedia page . he wound up in the dominican republic . that ' s like trump asking for money from his uncle who put his salary in vanguard index funds . finally , we ' re going back to rocket ships . thing is , that was a few years after the iphone came out . abu dhabi ! not flattering . or 99 metrometers . palm inc. smackdown . but tandja was stuck and arrested in niger .
he has been diagnosed with a mysterious , polio-like illness called acute flaccid myelitis , a story_separator_special_tag the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) is warning against a polio-like illness that is causing paralysis among an increasing number of americans . 1 to aug. the next morning , she found him collapsed on his bedroom floor . from jan. “help me , help me. ” at the hospital , the roberts family was left with more questions than answers . but over the course of a weekend carter went from his happy-go-lucky self to a paralyzed patient unable to move his arms or legs .
and in developing countries , health clinics are eager for " lab on a chip " diagnostics that can be done without piercing a vein . but researchers are finding myriad challenges with relying on a single blood drop . bond and richards-kortum told the new york times that in order to achieve results as accurate as conventional methods — the venous blood draw — they had to average six to nine drops of blood from each individual . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . san diego-based genalyte is also working on a diagnostics system to produce test results from a single blood drop .
police sources said the accused had killed his parents and two brothers for delaying his marriage with naveeda six months ago . khan says gul ahmed , the man suspected of carrying out the attack , is still on the run . they said that jamal allegedly asked gul ahmed to kill his parents because they did not want him to marry his daughter . the slain people were laid to rest in their ancestral graveyard in the village . he was declared a proclaimed offender but never arrested . violence over rejected proposals occasionally strikes pakistan . the accused gul ahmed said escaped from the scene after committing the crime .
he had somehow contracted the bacteria capnocytophaga canimorsus.this bacteria caused the sepsis in greg ' s body that has completely changed not only greg ' s life but his entire family ' s as well . infections are more often linked to dog bites or dog contact . " it took a week and they were taking his legs , " said dawn manteufel . one month ago , greg manteufel was a long way from a hospital bed . just bruising all over him . the infection very and the most likely source of the devastating infection was his own dog .
” in the 1990s , he worked on fox ’ s “married with children ” and was also an executive producer of the wb network ’ s “unhappily ever after ” alongside “married with children ” creator ron leavitt . friends and former colleagues took to social media to pay tribute to curran . he shared three emmys for outstanding animated program among 14 nominations spanning 2002-2016. this feature is not available right now . please try again later . hibbert. simpsons showrunner al jean , who met curran while they were at harvard in the late 1970s , confirmed the news of twitter : .
" that ' s the question that i think you should ask the president , the question you should ask reince [ priebus ] , the chief of staff , " stephen miller , the white house senior policy advisor , said on nbc ' s " meet the press " when asked if trump still has confidence in flynn . no matter what issue trump ... michael t. flynn had publicly denied discussing story_separator_special_tag " first reason , it doesn ' t really make us safer . the conversations may have broken u.s. law aimed at barring private citizens from conducting diplomacy .
miami gardens police chief stephen johnson was arrested for soliciting a prostitute , officials said . he had two condoms in his pocket when he was arrested , the report said . mayor oliver gilbert confirmed the arrest and said johnson was fired immediately . “the stress overwhelmed me , and i made a very bad decision to deal with that moment i ’ ve never experienced before. " we remain committed to excellence and integrity on every level , " the department said in the release . after posting a bond of $ 300 , edwards walked out of broward ' s main jail in downtown fort lauderdale at 12 : 45 a.m. saturday .
red riding hood ( 2011 ) the bluenose brigade at the motion picture association of america has stamped “ red riding hood ” with a pg-13 rating for “violence and creature terror , and some sensuality. when she ’ s on camera , she draws all eyes to her , something that the director here , catherine hardwicke , grasps . it ' s easy to imagine a story conference in which they said : hey ! written by david johnson . from the start ms. ” certainly this goofily amusing screen fairy tale includes bloodshed , but it ’ s generally tamer than its often-gruesome source .
“god is living in our cities , ” francis said in spanish . francis got the same kind of reception when he arrived at the garden around 6 p.m. after taking a ride through central park where he was feted by 80,000 new yorkers . msg erupted in cheers as francis did a quick ride-through on a white golf cart , waving and shaking as many hands as he could . “please i ask you , don ’ t forget to pray for me. the memorial is dedicated to the nearly 3,000 people killed in the september 11 , 2001 attacks and six victims of a first attack on the twin towers in 1993.
“i ’ m not sure we need half a billion dollars in funding for women ’ s health programs , ” bush said , before continuing with his point . bush try telling that to the mom who caught her breast cancer early because she was able to to get screening in time . rhonda medows issued the following statement regarding gov . " clinton sought to make the most of his remark , knocking bush at a denver event tuesday evening , saying the comment provides a window into what " republican candidates really believe . another ill-advised ad lib from jeb bush , another opportunity for democrats .
police officers disperse the relatives of prisoners who were waiting to hear news about family members imprisoned at the police station . " another distraught mother , aida parra , said : " i don ' t know if my son is dead or alive . a window to freedom , a nonprofit group that monitors conditions at venezuela ' s jails and prisons , said preliminary but unconfirmed information indicated the riot began when an armed story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) scores of people have died in a blaze that engulfed a jail in the venezuelan city of valencia , according to the country ' s head prosecutor .
" president barack obama presents a wreath at the tomb of the unknowns at arlington national cemetery during a veterans day ceremony in arlington , va. gen .... you delivered justice to osama bin laden . “we won ’ t let up. he is accompanied by maj. ( ap photo/j . " he spoke of the sept. ” obama also noted the delayed claims process for benefits and pressed for urgent help and faster treatment , especially for veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder . 11 , 2012. , as the country commemorates veterans day , sunday , nov.
" some of the students began to run . jarron webb , 15 , said the shooter was angry about a romantic relationship he was involved in , and that the girl was one of the people shot . police told them to stay in there . “his family is coming to grips with what happened , ” a hospital spokeswoman said . investigators were expected to work through the night at the school , which has been closed through next week . they heard screaming and yelling . joanne roberts , chief medical officer for providence . and another .
on monday police announced she was charged with criminal homicide and endangering the welfare of a child in light of her son ' s death . perry was also rushed to the same hospital with minor injuries . neighbors said perry often made the trip across the river but she never did anything like that before . she remains in jail and will be arraigned through central booking tuesday morning . an autopsy revealed he died from blunt force trauma and drowning . tony alsleben . ( published sunday , may 10 , 2015 ) she then climbed over the railing and jumped in after him , officials said .
" it ' s made in china . tenney and sherrill manufacturing have tried for months to convince the trump white house to buy the american-made silverware . ' so i ' m expecting a phone call or email in the next couple of days , " owens said . " done ! neither one was familiar with the brand . but he has been through this before . " we supplied the ship . the woman had served on the u.s.s . " it says oneida ltd. ronald reagan , a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier . chuck schumer , d-n.y.
i ask story_separator_special_tag australian pair , four nigerians , a brazilian and a filipino face a firing squad within the next 24 hours after mercy pleas for drug smugglers fail the distraught relatives of two australians on death row in indonesia had to be carried through a media pack on tuesday as they arrived for what is expected to be their last visit to see their loved ones . " chintu sukumaran said : " there were so many things to talk about . a french national still has his appeal under review . indonesia has some of the world ' s toughest drug laws , but jakarta has justified this due to the country ' s own drugs problem - 33 indonesians die every day as a result of drugs , according to indonesia ' s national narcotics agency .
the theory is that the silica formed and then dissolved in seawater beneath enceladus ' icy crust . some particles settle around saturn , replenishing its biggest ring . now hsu and his colleagues have found new evidence that it ' s a downright balmy ocean . america researchers think there ' s a warm ocean on enceladus i itoggle caption nasa/jpl/space science institute nasa/jpl/space science institute saturn ' s moon enceladus is a mystery . really . " the moon is actually alive in a sense , " says sean hsu with the laboratory for atmospheric and space physics at the university of colorado at boulder .
it ’ s a fight. " gregory ’ s job does not appear to be in any immediate jeopardy , but there are plenty of signs of concern , ” farhi wrote . “last year meet the press brought in a brand consultant — not , as reported , a psychological one — to better understand how its anchor connects , ” nbc news says . why have your ratings been falling ? update ( 11 : 17 a.m. bad enough . in 2014 , " meet " has finished first in total viewers only twice .
mahin khan , 18 , of tucson was assaulted by other inmates in a maricopa county jail on july 2 , the day after his arrest , the maricopa county sheriff ' s department said . phoenix - the defense team for an arizona teen accused of terrorism revealed friday that he has been attacked while in jail . khan suffered some minor injuries and was evaluated at the hospital . copyright 2016 kpho/ktvk ( kpho broadcasting corporation ) . all rights reserved . he is being held in jail without bond at this time . so , he was put in medium-security general population in the towers jail .
related : lady gaga ' s top art moments related : 10 things no one told you about lady gaga ' s artrave not long afterward , she left school so she could concentrate on her music , fronting a band called sgband , which released two eps prior to splitting . it has six booms in a hex formation and is powered by 50 volts of batteries . update nov. this futuristic machine will make gaga fly . " these songs formed the foundation of the fame , the debut album that appeared in august 2008. the brains behind the flying frock — think hexacopter-style aerial drone up top , attached to a platform with a fiberglass bodice and skirt — is techhaus , part of the haus of gaga .
that evening , riazantseva ’ s parents , who are residents of crimea , expected her and her friend for dinner . the men severely beat him on the spot . 22. “a few minutes later we were detained and also forced to our knees. maksymenko recognized the uniforms of the berkut , the ukrainian riot police defeated in battles against protesters in kiev last month and disbanded by the new government . the men had machine-guns trained on two young women whose hands had been tied and who ’ d been forced to kneel on the ground .
" i think it ' s perfect for a this-time-of-year wedding , " she previously gushed to us . the “boy meets world ” star married her longtime beau tim belusko in front of 200 guests , including her onscreen husband ben savage , at the vibiana cathedral in los angeles on saturday . love and happiness wins again . want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? i ’ ll just keep being the happiest me &amp; you keep being the rudest you . large floral arrangements adorned the candlelit altar , too .
the picture , taken in april by her mother , the duchess of cambridge , shows the princess at the family ' s home , anmer hall , in norfolk . it has been a big year for charlotte . ) walk to church on christmas morning . last july , he took a cute set of photos to celebrate his third birthday . kensington palace said they " hope that everyone enjoys this photograph of princess charlotte as much as they do " . pool/sam hussein/wireimage she also had a memorable ( candy-filled ! danny martindale/wireimage candid portraits have become a tradition for the royal family .
walker first filed his $ 50 million lawsuit in december 2015 , claiming that he has been passed over for promotion throughout his career at story_separator_special_tag two african-american employees have filed a class-action lawsuit against cnn , turner broadcasting and its parent company , time warner , alleging racial discrimination . the complaint cites statistics showing that black employees at turner are promoted at a much lower rate than whites . he also has represented actor wesley snipes and former nfl star michael vick . ” he noted that 20 to 30 other current and former turner employees shared what they ' ve observed and experienced over the years .
hear possible ' ping ' detected in search 00 : 40 play video photos : the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 106 photos photos : the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 106 photos the search for malaysia airlines flight 370 – a policewoman watches a couple whose son was on board the missing malaysia airlines flight 370 cry outside the airline ' s office building in beijing after officials refused to meet with them on wednesday , june 11. " the analysis determined that a very stable , distinct and clear signal was detected at 33.331 kilohertz , and that it consistently pulsed at a 1.106-second interval , " mr houston said .
" then he went into detail about how his habitual six packs of cigarettes a day had resulted in a lung tumor the size of a baseball . " i guess i could if i wanted to . and he ' s right . what the hell is an actor going to do when he loses his voice ? " as his fans know , nothing ever scared john wayne . tough guys like duke never get sick . that alone might have killed him . but this was different . " he admits . at the hospital , duke apologized for the phony press releases .
advertisement - continue reading below however , those who use ' love bombing ' as a form of control often reinforce their love for their victim by showering them with affection when they act in a in fact , there is much overlap between the behavior of cults and the abuse cycle of an abuser and his or her victim . all the signs of the beginning a of loving , caring relationship , right ? as author adylen birch writes , “creating fear of losing the relationship – and then relieving it periodically with episodes of love and attention – is the perfect manipulation.
the latest example came monday morning at a police academy graduation ceremony for 884 new officers , where de blasio was heckled and booed . problems that you didn ’ t create , ” the mayor said in his remarks . in addition to the turned backs , the union representing nypd officers recently pushed a petition to bar the mayor from attending cops ' funerals , then all but instructed officers to participate in a work stoppage . why ? mr. . . . . ramos ’ s widow and her two young sons , and others in that grief-struck family .
when his son was found wednesday , charlie ' s father , charlie bothuell iv , spoke out emotionally and said he was hoping to be reunited with his son . action news has also learned of a new twist in the case . it ’ s unclear if police are investigating a connection to godfrey dillard ’ s listed address . for what gain ? " says family attorney mark magidson . no crime committed here . my wife searched . earlier this year , dillard-bothuell plead guilty to purchasing a pistol without a permit and was put on a 2-year probation period .
shia labeouf banned from restaurant ... he managed to stay on the straight and narrow as a teen , crafting a promising film career , but after a 2007 arrest at a walgreen ’ s for what he admitted was “intoxicated ” behavior , and a 2008 drunk driving arrest , it was clear he was developing issues of his own . this isn ’ t the first time that labeouf has dabbled in recovery . photos : bodyguards gone wild ! shia is officially persona non grata . exclusive got crazy way before going to studio 54 thursday night .
” tass said north korea ’ s foreign minister has described the country ' s nuclear weapons and ballistic program as a “sword of justice ” and represent a deterrent to protect the north from the united states . shape created with sketch . josh king has the story ( @abridgetoland ) buzz60 this oct. “rocket man is on a suicide mission for himself. " " we need to settle the final score , only with a hail of fire , not words , " he reportedly added . donald trump ' s least presidential moments so far ...
before he was america ’ s dad , bill cosby embodied the hippest of the ’ 60s and ’ 70s . " according to the source , everyone hated the ritual but obliged anyway because " that ' s what he wanted . ” in the wake of multiple women accusing cosby of raping them , his latest visit to the cbs show has been canceled . ( alessio botticelli/gc images ) charlize theron and sean penn were seen in l.a. phillips jr. he sizzled . he co-owned a restaurant and hit the hottest clubs . naomi campbell brings the drama in an embellished tom ford gown at the american museum of natural history gala .
since tamerlan is dead , the government is the source of corroboration that these visits did in fact occur and of what was said during them. eager to recast himself in the model of a well-known rebel figure killed by russian forces in 2009 , tsarnaev chose as his new name " muaz , " according to a previously undisclosed homeland security department petition form , which was obtained by the times . sign up thank you for signing up ! “evidence that shows ( cambridge ( mass. asked as part of the jan. advertisement lawyers argued that , now that prosecutors have declared they will seek capital punishment , dzhokar should be allowed to present evidence of mitigating factors that would tilt a jury against the death penalty .
with aap story_separator_special_tag new research from the murdoch children ' s research institute may have found a cure for peanut allergies . " these findings suggest our treatment is effective at inducing long-term tolerance , up to four years after completing treatment , and is safe , " professor tang said . allergies and food intolerances on flights – how do airlines react ? this particular probiotic has been shown in other situations to support tolerance-like responses . it had . peanuts are among the most-common causes of anaphylaxis with hospital admissions over the past decade increasing five-fold in children under four .
with 98 percent of precincts reporting , emanuel had 45.4 percent of the vote , while garcia had 33.9 percent . it marks the first time that the city will hold a runoff mayoral election . the famously hot-tempered emanuel , long known in chicago and washington as “rahmbo , ” also met criticism for his sometimes hard-headed style . emanuel , who spent millions on tv ads to try to repair his image with voters following a difficult four years , attempted to portray optimism and patience despite the results . garcia held a low public profile before he jumped into the race last october after the teacher ' s union president , karen lewis , backed away after being diagnosed with brain cancer .
she also apologized for her " racist comment " and asked for forgiveness . ” travis gordeuk wasn ’ t home when cbs46 arrived at his home , but people that live with him said the principal ’ s son never posted that tweet . dr. story_separator_special_tag stone mountain , ga. ” gordeuk later apologized to parents in an email , saying , “the devil was in the house and came out from my mouth . play facebook twitter embed georgia principal fired over racial remark 0 : 23 the founder of a suburban atlanta private school who singled out black attendees at a graduation ceremony last week has been fired .
february 2016 - swift supports kesha with $ 250,000 two days after a judge ruled against the " tik tok " singer in a story_separator_special_tag × $ 15,500 gift from taylor swift inspires more donations for utah family in need taylor swift donated $ 15,500 to a utah family in need , and her charitable act is inspiring others to do the same . thank you for everything ! i ' m sorry i never said anything sooner and that i ' m suddenly asking for help . mike her faithful husband rarely leaves her side . they have 6 beautiful children .
” “all of a sudden he was there in the air , i had to catch him and we tumbled onto the ground , ” connell testified of her encounter with the 50-pound boy . story_separator_special_tag 8-year-old westport boy on trial for exuberance facebook photo jennifer connell . this week connell is asking a six-member superior court jury to find the boy liable for his actions . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . on march 18 , 2011 , connell , who has no children of her own , arrived at the tarala home at 25 woods grove road to attend sean ’ s birthday party .
he also said that she was what they had been looking for : " a pleasant , young and fresh presence . josefina vazquez mota , who is bidding to become mexico ' s first female president , said the assistant ' s dress was " not in keeping with the seriousness of the debate " . " one twitter user quipped . intrigued me , " brozo replied . " i got a call for a white dress . " we asked the producer that there be no elements of distraction , for a sober dress , " figueroa said .
the deputy chief of bahrain ' s armed forces has ordered the military to ... ( associated press ) anti-government demonstrators display the traditional head scarf of a wounded demonstrator during clashes with yemeni government supporters in sanaa , yemen , saturday , feb. doctors have said that most of the dead have suffered gunshots . “this is clearly unacceptable and horrifying , ” he said in a statement . ( associated press ) even as bahrain ' s king bowed to international pressure and withdrew tanks to allow demonstrators to retake a symbolic square in the capital , libya ' s moammar gadhafi and yemen ' s ali abdullah saleh made clear they plan to stamp out opposition and not be dragged down by the reform
ursula le guin . she recorded a podcast recently and i want everyone who can to listen to it . stephen king called le guin “a literary icon ” and wished her “godspeed into the galaxy. i miss her as a glorious funny prickly person , &amp; i miss her as the deepest and smartest of the writers , too. le guin , one of the most brilliant american novelists and thinkers . le guin has died . some of them are written on my soul . usula k. — n. from within.
it ’ s unclear what powers the elected assembly , due to hold its first session on jan. on trial with mubarak are his two sons , gamal , his one-time heir apparent , ... final results remain uncertain , in part because egypt ’ s military rulers have yet to spell out the formula that will be used to allocate seats among parties according to their share of the vote . 11. 2 , 2012. in the weeks after mr. mubarak ’ s exit last february its leaders suggested that the brotherhood would seek only a third of the seats in the next parliament and it is not contesting most story_separator_special_tag the chief prosecutor in hosni mubarak ' s trial accused the ousted egyptian leader on tuesday of imposing " tyrannical rule " and devoting the last 10 years of his three decades in power to ensure his son would succeed him .
“this is typical , ” concialdi said . put some food out for the cat and it will come down. she had told me that she had gone up to rescue a cat , ” said jeff shelton of the orange county fire authority . she twisted her ankle and was scraped during her fall and couldn ’ t climb up or down . all rights reserved . ” contact the writer : afausto@ocregister.com a firefighter rappelled down from a helicopter and pulled beebe onto the aircraft to safety . “even if a cat goes in a tree or on a roof , they come down .
by manipulating libor , banks could have made profits or avoided losses by wagering on the direction of interest rates . barclays said in documents released last tuesday that it first contacted fed story_separator_special_tag london — robert diamond agreed to give up an additional bonus of as much as £ 20 million ( $ 31 million ) as pressure from british lawmakers mounted on the former barclays plc chief executive over his role in an interest-rate-rigging scandal and its aftermath . " obviously they considered this to be within their orbit . mr. on july 9 , rep.
turkey police in the meantime , oner was desperate for money , police say . over the past 30 years , he has saved thousands of documents including hourly notes of his movements . share tweet full screen enlarge oner and his wife . he had trouble finding a job because of his criminal record , so in 2008 , he left istanbul and moved in with his parents in iznik , a small town in western turkey . ( oner hasn ’ t commented on these charges either ) . and then they cuffed him . ” oner asked .
17 , 2013 on the campus of the university of notre dame in south bend , ind . the wrenching story ... ( associated press ) he still has questions to answer , with many wondering whether he was a victim or participant in the scam . must watch notre dame stands behind te ' o 02 : 55 play video just watched deadspin shares how it broke te ' o story replay more videos ... " @lennaykay i miss you ! 8 and again in a newspaper interview published dec. file - in this jan. 10.
the man ' s motivation was unclear , but cyprus president nicos anastasiades said the hijacking was " not something that has to do with terrorism " and a cyprus government official , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss an ongoing investigation , said the man " seems ( to be ) in love . the flight between alexandria and cairo normally takes about 30 minutes . at a news conference in cairo , egypt ' s civil aviation minister , sharif fathi , refused to identify him . one - apparently a crew member - escaped by climbing out of the aircraft ' s cockpit window .
a jewish nurse who treated robert bowers moments after the squirrel hill synagogue shooting said he saw “confusion ” but not “evil ” when he looked into his eyes . and you do . they didn ’ t ask anything about him . the president of the hospital , dr. he ’ s the kind of person that is easily manipulated by people with a microphone , a platform , and use fear for motivation. he went home and hugged his parents. … this was the same robert bowers that just ( allegedly ) committed mass homicide .
as a result , he has a cross-shaped scar in the middle of his tummy instead of a belly story_separator_special_tag the case of the missing belly button is solved ! what happened to it ? " " most people have them fixed , because you should have any hernias fixed , " schulman said . entertainment ' s world ' s sexiest woman friday - can finally squash those rumors about her curiously vanishing bellybutton . the beauty in question is czech supermodel karolina kurkova . the magazine answers ... nowzarda is even featured on the tlc show " my 600 pound life .
israeli media said the rockets were fired into the sea . sharon died at the age of 85 on saturday after eight years in a coma caused by a stroke . israeli police spokesman micky rosenfeld says increased police forces have been deployed for sharon ' s funeral . during his brief visit to israel , biden will discuss the so far fruitless diplomatic efforts with prime minister benjamin netanyahu and president shimon peres , u.s. officials said . there was no immediate response from the hamas government or other armed palestinian factions . the military declined to comment .
east liverpool , ohio ( wkbn ) – an east liverpool police officer , while responding to a drug-involved call friday night , accidentally touched fentanyl and overdosed . he was given three more narcan treatments after he was taken to the hospital . the drug can get into the body just through contact with the skin . but they are relieved that officer green is ok. police were able to stop the vehicle at west 8th street and lisbon street , where they say they could see buckle and the passenger moving around suspiciously inside . according to a police report , officers had blocked in a blue monte carlo after watching the driver — 25-year-old justin buckle — perform what they believed was a drug transaction .
" brannstrom said the transplanted wombs would be removed after a maximum of two pregnancies . " there are questions about how the physiological changes in the uterus will affect the mother and whether the transplanted uterus will be conducive to a growing baby , " said dr. other womb transplants have taken place in saudi arabia and turkey but no recipients have yet managed to have a child . charles kingsland , a spokesman for britain ' s royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists and a gynecologist at liverpool women ' s hospital . brannstrom predicted that three or four of the seven women might successfully give birth .
courts must find only that there is a “rational basis ” for an act , the most accommodating standard for government action . it was a cease-and-desist order and came with threats of thousands of dollars in fines and possible criminal prosecution . the monks won round one in july , when u.s. district judge stanwood r. not very long after god told some at st. duval jr. william h. joseph abbey . “really , ” brown said . joseph abbot justin brown said in a recent interview in the picturesque abbey , which is located about an hour ’ s drive from new orleans , on the other side of lake pontchartrain .
he writes that no one on the cast disliked swedberg , and that it was his intention to defend her from rumors when he told the story on wednesday ' s show . you are a sweetheart . " ok folks , i feel officially awful . but this is why i ' m not a lawyer . " heidi would always ask if there was anything in the scenes she could do or if i had any thoughts . harsh ? cut to the end of season 7 and poor susan dies after licking poison envelope glue . she is a kind , lovely person who undoubtedly worked really hard to create susan and that character was clearly what larry and jerry wanted her to be for george .
he wasn ’ t like that ; he was made into that. ” his friends advertisement is pistorius a murderer ? at four a.m. on february 14 , detective hilton botha , a 24-year veteran of the south african police service , was awakened by a phone call from his colonel . the world owes me. women groups are clearly in rehearsals waiting to unleash their disdain for their fallen hero , whilst supporters of the tainted olympian are sharpening their defense tools to ensure the other side do not win the pr war ( imperative in any media-saturated event ) .
he died impoverished in london in 1937 , and his widow betti committed suicide story_separator_special_tag share this post manhattan ( cn ) — nazis called art collector alfred flechtheim the “art jew ” in the “jewish world conspiracy ” that was defiling the “german people ’ s soul , ” but that didn ’ t stop them from looting his paintings when he fled for his life , his heirs claim in a lawsuit against bavaria . the defendants could not immediately be reached for comment after german business hours . the eight paintings include beckmann ' s " duchess of malvedi " ( 1926 ) , " still life with cigar box " ( 1926 ) , " quappi in blue " ( 1926 ) , " dream-chinese fireworks " ( 1927 ) , " champagne still life " ( 1929 ) and " still life with studio window " ( 1931 ) ; gris ' " cruche et verre sur un table " ( 1916 ) and klee ' s " grenzen des verstandes " ( 1927 ) .
“today ’ s supreme court decision is a resounding victory for public health and a key component of e.p.a. ” the interstate air pollution regulation , also known as the “good neighbor ” rule , has pitted rust belt and appalachian states like ohio , michigan and kentucky against east coast states like new york and connecticut . eme homer city generation . . . air pollution remains a growing problem in america despite decades of environmental protection – and ginsburg acknowledged the complexities of putting a regulatory regime in place . justice samuel alito recused himself , and justices antonin scalia and clarence thomas dissented .
officer frye resigned from the force a week after the dog ’ s death . these loyal companions have given their lives to ensure their handlers , fellow officers , and citizens stay safe . while lewis got ready for his shift , he had left the dog inside the police vehicle . local residents and city officials expressed shock and grief , demanding that the dog receive a proper burial . story_separator_special_tag primo , a new orleans police k-9 in 2004. lt. odmp k9 honors the hundreds of police canines that have been killed in the line of duty serving alongside america ' s law enforcement officers .
" cvs caremark is continually looking for ways to promote health and reduce the burden of disease , " said cvs caremark chief medical officer troyen a. we ’ ve come to the decision that cigarettes have no place in an environment where healthcare is being delivered. while the prevalence of cigarette smoking has decreased from approximately 42 percent of adults in 1965 to 18 percent today , the rate of reduction in smoking prevalence has stalled in the past decade . brennan , m.d. " put simply , the sale of tobacco products is inconsistent with our purpose .
the result was yo , an app that lets users say " yo " to their contacts . arbel said . that detail lit a fire on twitter . so hogeg , ceo of the photo and video sharing service mobli , asked or arbel , a former ios designer at the company , to create a solution . the free app launched quietly in april , but received some mainstream attention on wednesday after the financial times wrote it up . ” arbel says that “you usually understand what the yo means based on who you get it from and when you get it.
-- there ' s an unusual twist in the race for state house in the 30th district of federal way . " i did not know that , " he said . one , initiative 594 , seeks universal background checks on all sales and transfers , including private transactions and many loans and gifts . jack dovey is freeman ' s republican challenger . the incumbent democratic state rep. freeman , 48 , died last week after a battle with cancer . early results show freeman is taking 53 percent of the vote . a special election would be set next year for voters to decide on a candidate to fill out the final year of the two-year house term .
" obviously we don ' t carry hermes bags in the store so we were trying to find something that appeals to that customer who is willing to spend a lot of money on a bag that ' s going to last a long time and has a classic design , " she said . you thought elizabeth olsen was the secret one ? sure ! no way , not even if i was rich . hah . [ wwd , nydn , image via splash ] olsen twins line the row $ 39,000 backpack flying off shelves at barneys new york : ashley mike coppola/getty the olsen twins said their $ 39,000 backpack is selling out at barneys new york .
freestyle releasing , which generated strong grosses for “god ’ s not dead , ” is offering up a challenge next valentine ’ s day to “fifty shades of grey ” with faith-based romance “old fashioned. " and if you thought that was some sort of divine coincidence , you ' d be wrong . " a story that , without apology , explores the possibility of a higher standard in relationships ; yet , is also fully aware of just how fragile we all are and doesn ' t seek to heap guilt upon those of us that have made mistakes .
lexington police said this afternoon that that profitt was indeed their man . " detectives identified the suspect involved in the assault as tim profitt . discussion and action group to restore the constitution and liberty in this union . the victim , lauren valle of moveon.org , approached republican nominee for senate rand paul in an attempt to pose for a photo with him holding up a faux award when she was thrown down to the ground by one paul supporter and then stomped by another . the only moderation is your own common sense . mr. can ' t have liberty without the ability to ensure open carry http://www.opencarry.org/ note the picture for this group is the 2nd amendment dollar for more info on that go to http://www.budsgunshop.com disclaimer : this group is in no way encouraging violence , but peaceful discussion and demonstration .
! ' " it ’ s all about how many people want it . for those who cannot stretch to the £ 36,800 skull , there is a set of 12 china plates for £ 10,500 , a spotted skateboard for £ 480 , a deckchair for £ 310 and a butterfly-print umbrella for £ 195 . hirst , said to be britain ' s richest living artist , defended the price of his work . photos : damien hirst ascendant visitors will be assaulted by the smell of a thousand years ( 1990 ) , an installation in which flies emerge from maggots and feed on a rotting cow ' s head .
on the unexpected side : the los angeles county sheriff department in southern california received 500 pairs of snowshoes , the clayton township police department in michigan and the north kingsville police department in ohio each received a french horn , and more than 372 televisions were supplied to police across the country , designated “for personal/home use. ) . in august . 21 , as the marshall project noted today . it also includes everything from helicopters to robots designed to help bomb squads . a member of the st. the results range from the mundane ( battery chargers ) , to the powerful ( armored mine-resistant vehicles ) , to the surprising ( trumpets ?
“escape . new york state police closed state route 374 east of the village of dannemora to west plattsburgh as they investigate what they called a " lead involving the escapees from the clinton correctional facility . among the earliest escapes from clinton occurred in 1860 , when james f. " ex-husband : suspected accomplice in prison break is cheater but the biggest enemy is your own mind , he said . " latest on search from outside prison matt and sweat escaped from the prison sometime early saturday morning . residents in cadyville and surrounding communities were urged to stay in their homes and lock their doors .
but when it offers only scant humor ( and costumes ) and interminable girl-fighting , isn ' t that actually just another entry in the genre?there is a plot , for those who look beyond the belles and whistling , but it has something to do with buried treasure and the cia and other stuff like that , in a structure borrowed from " memento , " so the less said , the better . think zack snyder meets roger corman . seriously . to quote one of forrest ' s truest pieces of wisdom : maybe both is happening at the same time .
the restored library boasts a new sewerage and underground canal system to drain away the moisture that had threatened to destroy many of its prized manuscripts – plus an elaborate lab to treat , preserve and digitise the oldest texts . whan maclean meets wi ' s friens in springburn . will curse ' scotlan the brave ' nae mair , nae mair . aa thae rogues that gang gallus fresh an gay . subscribe today for just £ 3.99 a month . nor wee weans frae pitheid an clachan . black an white ane-til-ither mairriet . “you can hurt us , but you cannot hurt the books.
in the 36 countries that view police as the most corrupt , an average of 53 % of people were asked to pay a bribe by police , the survey found . follow him on twitter at @srubenfeld . more than half of those surveyed said corruption has increased over the past two years . people ’ s views on corruption are worst in liberia and mongolia , which each scored a 4.8. your details country/territory afghanistan albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antarctica antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia and herzegovina botswana brazil brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china colombia comoros congo republic congo , the democratic republic of the cook islands costa rica côte d ' ivoire croatia cuba curaçao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia faroe islands fiji finland france gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti heard island and mcdonald islands holy see ( vatican city state ) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iran iraq ireland isle of man israel italy jamaica japan jersey jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea , north korea , south kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya lichtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia , the fyr of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mexico micronesia moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria norway oman pakistan palau palestine panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines pitcairn poland portugal puerto rico qatar réunion romania russia rwanda saint barthélemy saint helena saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south sudan spain sri lanka sudan suriname swaziland sweden switzerland syria taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand timor-leste togo tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela vietnam virgin islands , british virgin islands , u.s. yemen zambia zimbabwe story_separator_special_tag a massive survey by transparency international found more than a quarter of people have paid a bribe in the last 12 months .
it ’ s a personal decision of his , ” larocque said . and that ’ s what i ’ m focused on . the mayor added that the experience has been especially difficult given the fact that his own father died of cancer . ford represented ward 2 for 10 years , from 2000 to 2010. he apologized when this happened , saying “this chemo really does weird things to you. who ’ s going to take care of us? ” mr. ford , whose voice was hoarse and several times had to stop mid-sentence to gather his thoughts , said he was at his office thursday in order to get work done .
police were investigating the case as sexual extortion and knew rowland was a sex offender but not that he was on parole , brophy said . university of utah athletics on oct. rowland spent the hours before the fatal shooting monday in mccluskey ' s dorm building socializing with her friends , university police chief dale brophy said . " let me be clear : i have great faith that our university police department worked diligently on this incident , " university president ruth watkins said . he later confronted the 21-year-old mccluskey in the parking lot , dragged her into a car and shot her multiple times in the back seat , brophy said at a news conference .
he wrote that he ’ d seen her mugshot online and couldn ’ t stop thinking about her . traffickers are then bailing women out of detention . photograph : todd anderson for the guardian “it was just crazy in there , really a living hell , ” she says . facebook twitter pinterest kate was one of at least 18 women in florida who fell prey to richard rawls over a five-year period . the windows were sealed shut . cockroaches crawled up the walls . “once when i tried to escape , the pimp revoked my bond .
credit : noaa noaa is declaring the recent deaths of 30 large whales in the western gulf of alaska an " unusual mortality event , " triggering a focused , expert investigation into the cause . click on map to view a larger version . another six dead stranded whales have been reported along b.c . gathering good samples has proven challenging . bree witteveen . waters . ' s north coast over the same time period , also a significant increase above annual seasonal numbers . but they are limited in what they can do without better access to the carcasses , she said .
the men told him they would be participating in an initiation ceremony that night . the chapter doesn ’ t have a house , but it ’ s facebook page says it denies at least some of the allegations launched against them . poor judgment and planning. story_separator_special_tag chico ( kpix 5 ) — fraternity brothers at california state university at chico are accused of hacking down dozens of trees in a national forest . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
pond said she doesn ' t know the girl but in the day and a half she saw ayvani ' s picture all over the place , she felt a connection . jackson faces conspiracy to commit kidnapping charges . " we believe those two suspects in the drawings are still at large , " said special agent rick maxwell with the fbi . story_separator_special_tag just one more thing ... that ' s my main concern , " howard said . if you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up , close drug agents said they found 500 pounds of marijuana in the henry county home where the rodriguez and ayvani ' s mother were arrested .
paul mcmullan , a second former news of the world staffer who told the guardian that hacking was rife at the paper , was also contacted by detectives and told that they would like to question him under caution . friends of miller said she had noticed warning signs with her voicemail , including new messages being recorded as old before she had listened to them . even then an answer was delayed for 14 weeks . thomson said : " our client only discovered that the metropolitan police held this information on 15 october 2009 in response to our letter of 10 july 2009 .
" it ' s a different world , " he said . wearing hiking shoes and a windbreaker in an area that normally requires cross-country skis this time of year , brown announced the executive order in a sierra nevada meadow that provided a dramatic illustration of the state ' s parched conditions . new developments will have to install drip or microspray systems if they irrigate with drinking water . california gov . golf courses , campuses and cemeteries must cut their water use . it plans to approve the regulations in early may . although southern california water managers said it might be tough for some cities to meet the 25 % target , they welcomed brown ' s action .
that ' s because the original definition of a blue moon is the third of four full moons in a season , and that is still the most valid definition of a blue moon . so here ' s the deal . a rare blue moon dominated a clear sky tuesday night , prompting many to take photos . if you said " a pretty decent wheat beer , " you ' d be technically right , but would be off topic . " this gives 11 months with one full moon each and one with two . it ' s not really blue .
he was married to castro ' s ex-wife and was step-father to castro ' s four children . colon , 49 , had been questioned by the fbi in 2004 about the disappearance of gina dejesus and amanda berry . almost exactly a year earlier just a few blocks away . she never made it home . when her mother said no , castro said they parted ways . morris : normally gina would have taken the bus but after she gave arlene .50 for the pay phone she didn ' t have enough money for left bus fare .
it ’ s connecting the two . a self-taught programmer , he looked at my idea and said , " i think i can build that . pantries simply post their excess food to the program — and someone else in the network picks it up and puts it to use . “we were throwing away all of this food just because we couldn ’ t communicate , ” belding , then a freshman in high school , remembers venting that day . ' ( sorry , mr . cutler. hunger is a problem hitting more people than most realize , including college story_separator_special_tag hear me out .
” a source tells us of the newlyweds . neil mockford/alex huckle/gc images “i knew in my mind that i really wanted to do something traditional , just classic , and white lace , and beautiful , ” she told huffpost live in september . “they are so exited ! 10/30/2015 at 12 : 23 p.m. despite lifting of ban , many young chinese women still only want one child the " one child " era is over , but having a second child is a luxury many cannot afford . for gothness sake , take our quiz .
jill ravitch held a press conference at the permit and resources management department in response to the andy lopez decision monday , july 7 , 2014 sign up santa rosa ( cbs sf ) — hundreds of protesters gathered in santa rosa and in cities throughout the bay area and the state saturday to protest the police killing of 13-year-old andy lopez in sonoma county last month as well as what they say is an epidemic of police brutality . andy ’ s family has filed a civil rights lawsuit against gelhaus and the county . calling the oct.
arizona > violent crime rate : 399.9 per 100,000 ( 16th highest ) > murder and non-negligent manslaughter rate : 4.7 per 100,000 ( 20th highest ) > median household income : $ 50,068 ( 21st lowest ) > june unemployment rate : 5.8 % ( 9th highest ) arizona is the 10th least peaceful state in the nation . past a certain threshold , however , large enforcement operations are features of less peaceful states . “vacant housing , burned out streetlights , [ and ] signs of disorder … can predict where crime might be more concentrated , ” she said .
meanwhile , furloughed federal workers express their displeasure as the government shutdown headed into its third week . any deal would also have to win approval in the house of representatives , story_separator_special_tag washington — with a possible default on government obligations just days away , senate democratic leaders — believing they have a political advantage in the continuing fiscal impasse — refused sunday to sign on to any deal that reopens the government but locks in budget cuts for next year . oct. 16 , 2013. “they had a good conversation , ” senator charles e.
democrats are divided on how best to salvage obamacare . “beginning in january , it is likely that republican leaders in congress will follow through on their threats to ram through a budget bill that will severely undermine the health care needs of the american people , ” the three lawmakers wrote in a " dear colleague " letter circulated earlier this week . bernie sanders ( i-vt. the meeting was first reported by politico . ) has promised to stand firm against repeal efforts and subsequently , republican efforts to replace the affordable care act with a more conservative framework .
jack mcatee , a st. jack mcatee ' s skull was the only of his remains located on peak 1 , according to officials . anthony summit medical center for medical clearance and then to the summit county jail for a mental evaluation . he reached out to local police , printed fliers featuring pictures of his son — brown hair , green eyes , toothy grin — delved into hiking books and traveling blogs to figure out where the outdoors-loving 27-year-old might have gone next . it went airborne continual readership at this site is as a result of the multiple digital news articles published around the world that lead peple here .
“she told me she was afraid they ’ d been kidnapped . in the early morning of july 4 , 2012 , caitlan coleman sent a short email to her friends . the people close to caitlan had long ago gotten used to how her wanderlust dragged her to faraway places , and she always penned long letters from the road that helped keep their anxiety at bay . it didn ’ t feel real. the ap could not immediately verify the date of the recording . but by late september , the notes dried up . so we put ourselves in his hands.
breyer told the associated press in a 2012 interview that while he was a guard at auschwitz , he was assigned to a part of the camp that was not involved in the slaughter of jews and others . the u.s. attorney ' s office said it didn ' t have any information yet on breyer ' s status . " breyer moved to philadelphia after world war ii and for decades has lived a quiet , middle-class life . writing over the gate reads : " arbeit macht frei " ... " no statute of limitations offers a safe haven for murder , " he wrote .
” “samsung is power drop televisions ' energy efficiency ratings are based on the power they use while screening a 10-minute video , which contains a mix of fast and slow-moving content shown at different brightness levels . " that ' s not normal , it ' s an anomaly , " explained richard kay , an est spokesman . the apparent discrepancy between real-world and test performance of the tvs is reminiscent of the vw scandal that originated in the us last week . samsung has denied any wrongdoing . one study indicates that some samsung tvs nearly halve their power consumption when a standardised test is carried out .
" " i am ready to announce that earlier this month i was blessed with the birth of my first child , a beautiful and healthy baby boy — with lots of hair on his tiny head . and thank you for welcoming me into your lives ! hilton was spotted shopping for baby clothes in west hollywood in january , according to the daily mail . the openly gay blogger , whose real name is mario lavandeira jr. also : chris brown admits : rihanna assault was his ' biggest mistake ' miranda kerr and orlando bloom plan to have more kids ' someday ' oscars : lena dunham supports anne hathaway , boos seth macfarlane follow nardine on twitter @nardinesaad and google + .
" i was shot when i was already on the ground . ( ap ) — a delaware man wounded in an attack at a new year ' s eve celebration in istanbul says he survived by playing dead . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . “as soon as he entered the club he started firing and he didn ’ t stop . islamic state claimed responsibility . dozens were injured . greenville , del . the incident lasted less than 10 minutes . raak told nbc he was with a group of nine people , seven of whom were shot .
" as millions of people in tx and la are prepping for the hurricane , the president is using the cover of the storm to pardon a man who violated a court ' s order to stop discriminating against latinos and ban courageous transgender men and women from serving in our nation ' s armed forces , " schumer posted in a series of tweets . , sheriff joe arpaio aug. you can unsubscribe at any time . john mccain also registered their disapproval . this case would be no different. 25. so sad , so weak .
the standard cosmological model of structure development in the universe envisions that galaxies are nested in a cosmic web of matter . “this ( photo : s. klypin/j . primack/s . cantalupo ) . image copyright a. the quasar illuminates a nearby gas cloud measuring two million light-years across . the discovery came thanks to intense radiation bellowing out of a quasar ( a hyper-active galaxy ) dubbed um287 , 10 billion light years from earth . “this is a very exceptional object : it ’ s huge , at least twice as large as any nebula detected before , and it extends well beyond the galactic environment of the quasar , ” posited first author sebastiano cantalupo , a postdoctoral fellow at uc santa cruz , in a statement .
" it looks like the tomb of a prominent macedonian of that era , " said a second culture ministry official , declining to be named . athensarchaeologists have unearthed a vast ancient tomb in greece , distinguished by two sphinxes and frescoed walls and dating to 300-325 b.c. it is circled by a 497-metre-long marble outer wall . experts believe a five-meter-tall lion sculpture previously discovered nearby once stood atop the tomb . a strong police guard has been mounted around the fenced-off mound . alexander the great died in babylonia , in what is modern iraq , and his actual burial place is not known .
the u.n. security ... more than 1,030 palestinians , mostly civilians , and 43 israeli soldiers and two israeli civilians have been killed . monday marked the beginning ... must watch what israel hopes to achieve in gaza 03 story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption ban ki-moon : " in the name of humanity , the violence must stop " un secretary general ban ki-moon has urged an immediate halt to violence in gaza , saying the palestinian territory is in a " critical condition " . it ' s the morning of eid al-fitr , ...
" whale sharks are the largest living fish , yet they are also very elusive , " said lead study author pedro afonso , a marine and fisheries ecologist at the university of the azores . it ' s frequently sought after for its fins , used to make shark fin soup . the need for international regulation and enforcement has never been greater . small schooling fishes become trapped on their specialized gill rakers . these islands lie along the colder northern edge of the waters that whale sharks historically have preferred . usually the rest of the dead or dying shark is then tossed back into the sea .
" " republicans and democrats must come together , finally , with a major border security package , which will include funding for the wall , " trump wrote from his mar-a-lago resort in florida . 7 to fund the rest of the government after lawmakers punted on seven of the 12 individual funding bills before the end-of-the-fiscal-year deadline . ) told the president last week that he did not believe there would be enough floor time to pass the measure in the lame-duck session . congress has until dec. — donald j. fix the border , for once and for all , now !
" this product image provided by dunkin ' donuts shows the chain ' s new " croissant donut , " which will be launched nationally for a limited time starting nov. ) let us look , then , at these case studies of how stale bread becomes fresh and familiar sweets take mutant forms , and ask why people line up at an ungodly hour to eat sweets that taste odd and look new . the molecular-minded chef ferran adrià has argued that all innovation in cooking happens first in pastry . it comes more than a year after the dominique ...
hide caption 7 of 222 photos : unrest in syria syrian civil war in photos – an injured man is covered in dust after an airstrike on january 29. mekdad exuded confidence that president bashar al-assad ’ s government had taken the upper hand against the rebels and said that even as it pledged to give up its chemical weapons to avoid a united states airstrike , the government had achieved diplomatic and military victories . mr. hide caption 19 of 222 but he opened the door , however slightly , to talks with syrian religious and community leaders “who have influence on the ground ” with fighters .
raunbenolt , who lived in ohio , was in tampa visiting her uncle as her husband , david raubenolt , was waiting to obtain his certification as a single-engine airplane pilot , according to the newspaper . one witness heard the distinctive roar of the mustang ’ s engine just before the crash . “we ’ re praying for those young boys and their families , ” reisinger said . they were freed from the county jail on thursday after each posted $ 10,000 bail . the biggest tragedy is that more people didn ’ t know her .
( associated press ) in this sept. in the ... ( associated press ) in this march 9 , 2013 , photo , residents gather to speak with dr. ( associated press ) overuse of chemicals : the monsanto co. an ap analysis shows argentine farmers now use twice as much pesticide per acre as their u.s. counterparts . doctors say people are getting sick . a presidential commission was formed to study the health impacts of these violations , but it hasn ' t met in three years . most provinces forbid spraying next to homes and schools , ranging in distance ...
, it said . starbucks ' chai latte venti had 13 teaspoons , according to the group . [ 3 ] what ’ s more , 35 % of the hot flavoured drinks contain the same amount or more sugars than coca cola , which contains a massive 9 teaspoons of sugar per can[ 4 ] – equivalent to 7 chocolate biscuits . these serving sizes are much larger than those offered by its competitors . action on sugar says starbucks promotes that drink as a healthy option . it is time coffee chains stopped serving extra-large cups of sugar-laden hot drinks .
” mike sacks of the huffington post said that opposition to the law seemed “almost unequivocal ” from kennedy , whom toobin called a “lost cause ” for the administration . these files require installation and use of either realplayer software or windows media player , which is available for free from realnetworks or microsoft . so it ’ s noteworthy that they ( and kennedy in particular ) exhibited such aggressive skepticism . it ’ s worth keeping in mind that all of this alarmism may well amount to nothing . these file formats allows us to " stream " audio files to users , which means that you will begin hearing the files without having to wait for the entire file to download .
two teenage boys were among the 21 killed , he said , and eight other people were wounded . a shootout at a wedding party in northern afghanistan ... some witnesses said the army attack was triggered when wedding guests shot celebratory gunfire into the air as the bride was brought to the groom ’ s house . abdul jabar purdeli said . the afghan government conducted its first face-to-face talks with taliban cadres on 7 july in a pakistani hill station , aimed at ending nearly 14 years of war . afghan soldiers mistakenly fired mortars at a wedding party in late december in the southern province of helmand , killing 17 women and children .
backstreet boys tease new single ' coming soon , ' announce more vegas residency dates backstreet ' s back , all right -- with new music and new vegas shows . in celebration of the latest additions , bsb visited the twitter headquarters in los angeles on tuesday ( feb. ” we ’ ll let you decide for yourself ... “i geeked out over the piano and synths . 17. we ' ve chosen it , " kevin richardson said in response to a question about their next release . presale tickets are available to bsb fan club members now , and general on-sale starts friday .
welfare chief , attorney for arrested baton rouge mom differ on what constitutes child abuse spare the rod ? the degree of story_separator_special_tag an rca connector , sometimes called a phono connector or ( in other languages ) cinch connector , is a type of electrical connector commonly used to carry audio and video signals . it was originally a low-cost , simple design , intended only for mating and disconnection when servicing the console . we ’ re referring to something more than a mere ‘spanking , ’ ” she said . update , 9 : 04 a.m.
” “she can ’ t believe it , ” dolder said . after receiving piles of christmas cards , safyre terry gets disney world trip before safyre terry captured the hearts of the world with her wish for christmas cards , the 8-year-old had the attention of baking memories 4 kids , a non-profit organization that sells cookies and uses profits to send children with life threatening or terminal illnesses on cost-free vacations with their families . dolder says the news was exactly what she needed to hear at such a difficult time . she really is. " [ we ] never thought something like this was possible , " she said .
ibm ' s watson for genomics technology is expected to help in the department ' s precision oncology program by providing information to help physicians identify precision treatment options for almost 30 times more patients than could be previously served . david j. shulkin . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . watson also worked with cvs health to predict health problems a person might experience and give them advice . scientists and pathologists will sequence dna for cancer patients , then feed de-identified genetic alteration files into watson .
tests revealed she fractured three ribs on her left side , and she " was admitted for observation and treatment , " according to the court ' s statement . chief justice john roberts has remarked about ginsburg ’ s speedy delivery of opinions . the senate , which confirms justices , remains in republican control after tuesday ' s election . bob menendez , d-n.j. , said sunday . the fall happened wednesday evening . news of ginsburg ' s fall comes on the same morning as the formal investiture of justice brett kavanaugh , president donald trump ' s second nominee to the high court .
breitbart “is an editorially independent news organization and is entitled to and deserves issuance of its permanent senate press gallery credentials. among the issues raised by the capitol hill committee were concerns that members of breitbart ’ s masthead , provided last month by solov , were also employed by the mercer-funded government accountability institute , which was co-founded by now-white house chief strategist ( and former breitbart chairman ) steve bannon . this would give them access to the capitol that is on par with congressional staff . ( photo : j. " they are just not ready for a credential , " said committee secretary joe morton of the omaha world herald , though he and house agreed story_separator_special_tag on media blog archives select date … december , 2015 november , 2015 october , 2015 september , 2015 august , 2015 july , 2015 june , 2015 may , 2015 april , 2015 march , 2015 february , 2015 january , 2015 the committee said breitbart could re-apply for credentials if they address the concerns .
for law enforcement , social-media postings that document a person ’ s immediate thoughts and precise location provide a potent tool . what ’ s more , the company reported , “we ’ ve received more government requests in the first half of 2012 , as outlined in this initial dataset , than in the entirety of 2011. twitter itself then sought to quash the subpoena . , indicated that although private speech was protected , the same did not apply to public comments on twitter . ( sebastian nogier / european pressphoto agency / ) everything is evidence .
but nobody had been talking about him for 2016 , and he has quite deliberately set out to change that with a string of interviews . “i didn ’ t want any misinformation that i ’ ve told people i ’ m running — that ’ s not the case , ” huckabee told me yesterday . glenn beck started theblaze in 2011 and andrew sullivan launched the dish earlier this year . his campaign featured one of the more tongue-in-cheek advertisements : an endorsement from chuck norris . conservative personalities have found success leveraging their personal popularity into media brands , most notably with subscription service .
" what it shows is that the tsunami models we have now are too simplistic , " he said . it ended the warning at 6 : 36 p.m. that drew harsh online criticism , but the agency ' s head said the warning was lifted after the tsunami hit . 30 , 2018 , file photo , a damaged shopping mall sits in flood water following earthquakes and a tsunami in palu , central sulawesi , indonesia . they ' d been disabled by vandalism or theft or just stopped working due to a lack of funds for maintenance .
" there ' s more good news in qapik , adding to an arsenal of 20 playable words beginning with q that don ' t need a u. " most of these are obscure . " basically two- and three-letter words are the lifeblood of the game . merriam-webster put out the first official scrabble dictionary in 1976. sounds like ew or mm-hmm , or other things like coulda or kinda . the company , at the behest of scrabble owner hasbro inc. that ' s due to the 50-point bonus for using all seven tiles and the double word bonus space usually played at the start .
bedford woman finds man living inside her home the woman has a caretaker and was introduced to the caretaker ’ s boyfriend mark potts . an elderly woman was in for a shock at her home in central pennsylvania when she and her daughter discovered an unknown man camped out in an upstairs closet where he had secretly been living for several weeks . potts is facing criminal trespassing charges . locking your door isn ' t always a safeguard against intrusion . he was taking up residence there . police said when they found potts , he also had a small handgun on him .
the critical issue is what happens to the radioactive reactor fuel . late saturday night , officials said that the explosion at daiichi occurred in a structure housing turbines near its no . " but " many dangers and risks remain , " it added . nhk , japan ’ s public broadcaster , flashed instructions to evacuees : close doors and windows ; place a wet towel over the nose and mouth ; cover up as much as possible . edano called for calm . views differ . the fear was that more core damage would bring bigger releases .
associate professor jennifer curtis ' " mini lisa " is one-third the width of a human hair , with details as small as one-eighth of a micron . arguably the world ’ s most famous painting , da vinci ' s mona lisa has now been copied onto the world ’ s smallest canvas at the georgia institute of technology . ” generating chemical concentration gradients and variations on the sub-micrometer scale is difficult to achieve with other methods . how often does that happen ? parent company raises red flag . these would indeed by smart materials . korea failed .
story highlights nasa says scott kelly is 2 inches taller after spending nearly a year in space he ' s about to reunite with his twin brother in houston since his return to earth , the astronaut has been sharing photos of life on the ground ( cnn ) astronaut scott kelly and his twin brother used to be the same height . now scientists can take all of that data and make something of it . there are 10 official experiments running as part it ’ s a weird but temporary side effect of spaceflight . that ’ s pretty normal for an astronaut : without the full strength of gravity pressing down on gel-filled discs between the vertebrae , they expand and lengthen the spine .
prosecutors said boone-doty originally planned to torture tyshawn and cut off his fingers and ears — and kill the boy ’ s grandmother . boone-doty was facing tyshawn when he shot him , something he had wanted to do " because he was so little , " according to prosecutors . all told , chicago police are investigating that the gang war in the auburn gresham neighborhood has led to at least 15 shootings , including at 2 murder — and an earlier shooting that left a woman dead and a man wounded — was ordered held without bail .
biographer charles higham wrote that as fontaine came forward to accept her trophy , she rejected de havilland ' s attempt to congratulate her and that de havilland was offended . actress joan fontaine , wearing a beautiful gown , was accused by a few critics of being over-dressed in this photo . ‘get up there ! now what had i done ? she could play chic and she could play demure . ” years passed before they spoke again , but the truce did not hold . fontaine described the tension of the awards ceremony . my paralysis was total .
( associated press ) file - in this oct. 18 , 1949 file photo , mohammad file - in this undated photo made by the u.s. department of defense and obtained in april 2004 , flag-draped coffins of u.s. war casualties are lined up inside a plane in dover , del . for over a decade ... breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . 1st class kenneth w. read the full poll here . story_separator_special_tag thirteen years after the sept. some analysts say the u.s. , with daughter lydia anderson-dearborn , 10 , and husband mark anderson as a hearse carries ...
in it , writer kristi coulter makes a deft and passionate argument that modern women drink to excess to escape the realities of living in a still-too-sexist world . rosé is great with fish ! skipping it is not an option . but it ’ s broken . and so when i do end up having more than a single glass of wine with dinner , i don ’ t beat myself up about it . ” *** that ’ s the summer i realize that everyone around me is tanked . there is . just water , then ?
in the past two years , the united states has repatriated 39,000 salvadorans , showing the ability of el salvador to absorb an influx , the official said . critics have complained tps has allowed participants to repeatedly extend their stays in 6-month to 18-month increments . “this is a real blow for everyone , ” said hernandez by telephone . she has lived in north carolina for 18 years and runs a subcontracting construction business with her honduran husband . but that will be politically difficult at a time when there are rival immigration priorities , including providing permanent protection for “dreamers ” - undocumented immigrants brought to the united states as children .
proposals for the “first nation state in space ” have been unveiled by a team of scientists and legal experts , who say the move will foster peace , open up access to space technologies and offer protection for citizens of planet earth . illustration : james vaughan when asked why people should register to become citizens of asgardia , ashurbeyli said : “i do believe that as soon as this country becomes a part of the un family , citizenship of that country will be really quite prestigious. they are nothing if not ambitious . we aren ' t talking about an actual orbiting city or space station where humans will live .
each device costs $ 10,000 . " iowa health officials said the grant will help purchase lucas 2 chest compression system devices in ambulances and hospitals across the state , and to provide training to use them . helmsley charitable trust . helmsley , a onetime owner of a sprawling property portfolio that included the empire state building , left most of her $ 4.78 ... mrs. helmsley ’ s grandchildren , is “astronomical ” and should be cut , potentially by about 90 % . studies show the devices help improve cpr outcomes anywhere from 5-50 percent .
president barack obama ’ s council of economic advisers said that in ohio , for instance , the legislation created 122,000 jobs for teachers , police officers and construction workers . " sen. " making sense of all of that can make your head burst , " he added . are positioned to complete their best two years in revenue , general motors co. has emerged from bankruptcy with more than $ 23 billion repaid to the u.s. treasury , and american international group inc. 11 terrorist attacks in new york city . majority leader harry m.
in fact , we have better maps of the surface of the moon and mars than we do of the ocean floor . this latest xprize is part of the foundation ’ s “ocean initiative. ” for more information and to register , visit oceandiscovery.xprize.org . ” there is also a “bonus ” $ 1m challenge for technology that can monitor specific chemical and biological compounds in the water column ; an attempt to “sniff out ” a specified object in the ocean . story_separator_special_tag xprize what hides in the deep recesses of our planet ' s oceans ?
norad ' s tracking feature will also include information about the elevation and direction of santa ' s " journey " and photos , weather and wikipedia information on the destinations . before working with norad , google tracked santa using its google earth tool . happy holidays ! ( outlook.com is another microsoft product. cmdr . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . norad , or the north american aerospace defense command , thinks it has the most sophisticated system for watching the big guy . learn more story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
a bronx woman facing felony charges after authorities say she got married 10 times in an apparent marriage scam was arrested after court friday.authorities say liana barrientos , 39 , and her niece tracy barrientos walked through the gate of a subway station at 149th street and grand concourse and did not pay the fare.they are charged with theft of service and criminal trespass.liana barrientos had been arraigned earlier on two counts of filing a false instrument . friday is also going to be busy for ms. . . she was busted oct. she added three more before the second one dumped her in 2003.
gerron , the texas woman who inspired the 1958 buddy holly song " peggy sue " has died at a lubbock hospital . 3 , 1959 , plane crash in iowa that also killed ritchie valens and j.p. peggy sue gerron in 2008 released her autobiography " whatever happened to peggy sue ? gerron was born in olton , texas , but moved to lubbock where she attended high school and met holly and his friends . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ( associated press ) file - in this jan. that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
the asking price for cerro gordo is $ 925,000 , according to a property listing the sale closed on friday the 13th -- " in true ghost town fashion , " rasmuson quipped . water trucked in . underwood said , adding that they hope to attract a variety of visitors . story_separator_special_tag hard luck castle mine photo 2 photo 4 photo 5 photo 6 photo 7 photo 8 photo 9 photo 10 photo 11 photo 12 photo 13 photo 14 photo 15 photo 16 photo 17 photo 18 photo 19 photo 20 photo 21 photo 22 photo 23 photo 24 photo 25 photo 26 photo 27 photo 28 photo 29 photo 30 photo 31 photo 32 photo 33 photo 34 photo 35 photo 36 photo 37 photo 41 photo 42 img_4752 img_4753 img_4759 img_4758 img_4763 img_4764 img_4767 img_4773 img_4783 img_4777 img_4789 img_4791 img_4799 video tour 1 bonnie clair road , goldfield , nv 89013 features : 4 bedrooms , 3 baths 4 story , 22 rooms , 8,000 square feet off grid power .
what makes get out stand out is that its social critique — usually present in the horror-survival genre as subtext — is very much its text . at first , chris reads the family ’ s overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter ’ s interracial relationship , but as the weekend progresses , a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he could have never imagined . ★ horror fan ? “nope . ( nearly all key &amp; peele episodes were directed by peter atencio , who also directed the two comics in last year ' s keanu .
for a $ 25 donation , we ' ll send a copy of the it gets better book to your local library or school . your support and generosity provide important resources for lgbt youth and enables us to raise awareness , as well as fund suicide prevention and anti-bullying programs . proceeds support the it gets better project ! show others that it gets better . share your story . take the pledge . record . help keep this project running by purchasing items from our store . buy the book . send us your it gets better video !
to alleviate the physical toll and stress of screwing with a body ' s internal clock , the plane is fitted with led lights that change their color temperature to mimic the sun ' s natural glow and are timed with natural circadian rhythms . these measures — plus ultra-efficient rolls royce engines — result in fuel economy that airbus claims is 25 % better than similarly sized planes from competitors . chief among them ? jet lag . this reduces drag and noise and improves performance at low speeds . on top of that , they had to ensure that the plane could be just as technologically sound today as at the end of its projected 30-year lifespan .
" ending diesel and petrol car sales by 2040 is a step in the right direction but given that electric cars are coming anyway this is probably pretty irrelevant . the environment secretary , michael gove , will be hoping for a better reception when he publishes the final document on wednesday following months of legal wrangling . dirty air has been linked to cancer , asthma , stroke and heart disease , among other health issues . the blueprint highlighted roughly £ 1.4 billion ( $ 1.8 billion ) in government investment designed to help ensure that every vehicle on the road in britain produces zero emissions by 2050.
29 , 2018 , at 1 : 39 p.m. the office of jewish professor elizabeth midlarsky , who teaches and researches the holocaust at columbia teachers college , was vandalized with swastikas and anti-semitic slurs on wednesday . " i was so shaky , i wasn ' t sure i was going to make it , " she said . updated nov. no arrests have been made . ms. the incident remains under active investigation by the nypd hate crimes task force and is being treated as an aggravated harassment . ( a swastika is the right-angles cross symbol used on nazi germany flags ) .
mcconnell , the senate ' s top republican and a frequent target of moore on the campaign trail , said , " i think he should step aside . he has failed conservatives and must be replaced . one woman said she was 14 years old when moore initiated sexual contact with her . moore has denied the allegations , and on sunday night , he claimed he would sue the post . in the immediate wake of the story , some republicans , like arizona sen. #draintheswamp — judge roy moore ( @mooresenate ) november 13 , 2017 the post ' s report increased pressure on republicans to disavow moore , who was already controversial due in part to his history of racially-charged and homophobic commentary .
" nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag -- if they do , there must be consequences -- perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail ! on msnbc ’ s “morning joe , ” host joe scarborough speculated that maybe trump was tossing a bit of red meat to the angry social media lions before announcing that he would pick romney as secretary of state . — donald j. ( update : apparently it overlapped with a fox news segment. some quick history is in order . 29 tweet calling for a ban on burning the u.s. flag .
2. george clooney ' s in the tequila business too ! he ' s lounging on a couch in a studio at the chelsea piers sports and entertainment complex on the far west side of manhattan and speaking between nibbles of a takeout salad in a plastic container and sips from a bottle of water . story_separator_special_tag " with education comes refinement , " jay-z observes late one friday afternoon . f ailed celebrity businesses are shockingly common . is that stupid ? i know it ' s tuna but it says ' chicken by the sea ' . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
trump ’ s first trip to iowa since taking office on jan. but trump touted job gains and an improving stock market as evidence that his economic policies are working , and he lauded his wealthy appointees such as his top economic adviser gary cohn , a former goldman sachs executive , and commerce secretary wilbur ross , a billionaire known for his investments in distressed industries . self-identified independents in iowa they haven ' t figured it out yet . trump said he doubted he would have help from democrats in getting major healthcare legislation through the u.s. congress .
while it ' s a strong gross for the war drama ' s third weekend out , it means the film just barely missed the record for the biggest super bowl weekend gross of all time . his insight to his commanders is a common theme you ’ ll find in most biographies-incompetent . plain and simple , waris about killing people to win . 2 spot when the dust settles and the final numbers come in monday . no ! i have talked , not interviewed , many men who served in wwii , korea , vietnam and iraq/afghanistan .
mr. petraeus . petraeus , a retired four-star general and once america ' s top man in the iraq and afghanistan wars , became cia director in 2011. ” “we are safer because of the work that dave petraeus has done , ” mr. at a news conference shortly after mr. petraeus is said to have begun the affair with ms. the question has been whether he gave classified information to a woman who was writing a book about him — a woman who was also his mistress . they recommended that mr.
28 , 2017 – ford – america ’ s truck leader – today pulls the wraps off a new f-series super duty limited that sets new luxury standards for high-end heavy-duty truckers . if that ' s what you ' re after , consider ford ' s latest , which can run up to nearly $ 100,000 . the starting prices for the f-250 , f-350 and f-450 super duty limited pickups range from $ 80,835 to $ 87,100 . many buyers want that one-car balance that covers both comfort and capability . we knew the luxo-truck onslaught that ’ s been wreaking havoc across this great nation was going to bring us to this moment .
" the warrant , first reported in hungarian online outlet 444 , was issued on sept. since he became a fixture of the trump campaign and administration , numerous experts have raised questions about his formal credentials and his work in the field of counter-terrorism , and noted his connections to the “alt-right ” in the us and fringe rightwing groups in hungary . that means that during the entire seven months gorka spent in the white house , including when meeting with hungarian foreign minister péter szijjártó in washington last march , an arrest warrant was pending overseas .
30 , the bangalore team got an alert and notified target ' s security team in its minneapolis headquarters . if target couldn ’ t be bothered to delete the malware , this piece suggests it ’ s not fireeye ’ s fault . in a congressional testimony , the company claims that it only learned of the attack in mid-december , after the u.s. department of justice caught it and contacted target . on nov. the breach could have been stopped there without human intervention . in fact , last year target hired fireeye , a security firm , to watch their servers for malware .
“i went to swallow and i couldn ’ t , ” she told news.com.au . bread is the arch-enemy of those with dysphagia other researchers are experimenting with moulds that shape purées into more natural-looking dishes such as sliced roast in burgundy sauce with asparagus or currywurst with tomato mousse . she often woke up in the night to find them standing over her tears , begging her not by the end of the day , she was starving . when that didn ’ t work , he prescribed anti-depressants a few weeks later . in october 2015 , japan ’ s en otsuka pharmaceutical co.
defense secretary jim mattis approved the recommendation from the services that lifting the ban be delayed to allow them time to review the impact on “the readiness and lethality of our forces , ” pentagon spokeswoman dana white said in a statement . rep. vicky hartzler , r-mo. 1 , 2018. morning defense a daily briefing about national security — weekday mornings , in your inbox . email sign up by signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from politico . read more : but the lack of a policy to accept new transgender troops already has caused problems .
’ ” king said in an interview . king began examining the fragment in 2011 at the request of its owner , who wishes to remain anonymous . why is it that people had such an incredible reaction to this? specialists said , hypothetically , that a highly skilled modern forger could have obtained the right kind of ink and meticulously applied it to a blank piece of ancient papyrus . king has never argued that the fragment is evidence that jesus was actually married . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
the company said " most " of the net proceeds will go to pay taxes , which means that over a two-year period , zuckerberg may be paying between $ 2 billion and $ 3 billion in federal and state taxes . — by cnbc ' s robert frank . it offers a variety of custom services , such as administering charitable funds on an individual ' s behalf . related until now . zuckerberg will control about 62.8 percent of voting power wielded by facebook shareholders , down from 65.2 percent . of course , his tax bill is so high because his income ( at least on paper ) is even more massive .
the survey comes as o ' rourke continues to gain momentum in his quest to unseat cruz . four percent of voters favor a different candidate and 21 percent remain undecided . beto o ’ rourke , by just 1 point in their texas senate race , well within the margin of error of a new poll from emerson college . o ' rourke leads cruz among voters in the 18 – 34 and 35 – 54 age ranges . learn more sen. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . in addition , the cook political report shifted the race from its “likely republican ” column to “lean republican ” earlier this month .
“an ' estimate ' is a computer-generated approximation of a property ' s market value calculated by means of the automated value model ( avm ) . she had earlier agreed to pay $ 47 million for the two-story penthouse in related cos. " spelling mansion sells view slideshow ms. the estate has been shown since 2008 and was officially listed in march 2009. the buyer , petra ecclestone , will be splitting her time between london and los angeles after her planned august wedding to entrepreneur james stunt , according to a spokeswoman . mr.
be confident in your blackness . “i came to that table with the spirit of activism , ” she said , “recognizing that that conversation was going to be had anyways . obama mentioned packnett ’ s role in his taskforce on 21st-century policing . ! ! ( or the modern update : you do you. dream big . work hard . ) of course , some ideas are now stock features of graduation speeches . one of those moments happened saturday when president obama became the sixth sitting president to give a commencement speech at howard university , a school founded by the freedman ' s bureau for freed slaves and their children just two years after the civil war .
“that ’ s not an option. as of february 14 , new jersey has completely run out of road salt for such applications . ” “we were pursuing a waiver , but we ’ ve been advised we wouldn ’ t get one , ” dee said . the state is now scrambling to access rock salt . townsquare media reported that the department of homeland security ( dhs ) denied the state ’ s request for a waiver of the jones act , a 1920 law requiring that all cargo and passengers moving between points in the united states be transported on american vessels .
new york ( cbsnewyork ) — investigators say the bomb that went off in chelsea contained residue of an explosive compound that is easy to find . what is tannerite ? it can be . tannerite is popular for target practice because it produces a loud bang and a puff of smoke when hit with a fast-moving bullet . it is not an explosive until the two parts are mixed , oxley said . 17th and 18th . okay . generic mixtures of ammonium nitrate and powdered aluminum , sometimes called ammonal , are sometimes also called tannerite , like calling all facial tissues kleenexes .
it is not nice to be judged , bullied , or to be " made an example of " @lohanbeachclub just live in gratitude and be happy , otherwise #dothelilo story_separator_special_tag tmz sports pga legend john daly says when it comes to golfing , president barack obama is " pretty good " but he doesn ' t hold a candle to the all-time goat presidential links master ... george h.w.
“he was found frozen to death , ” kosienski said . the infant will go into the custody of the department of children and families . retired police chief robert e. barnes said a man attended the memorial service and said he was interested in the safe haven law that was passed in connecticut in 2000. but every year since 1988 , they ' ve come here to pay their respects and remember . meriden , conn. he later found out the mother carried the baby to full term , and he had blonde hair and blue eyes .
espn was the first to report mirra ’ s cte diagnosis . [ bmx icon dave mirra dead at 41 of apparent suicide ] or , sometimes , not : and , in his career , mirra endured — and triumphed over — at least two terrible accidents that devastated his body and left him wondering whether he would ever compete again . 4 from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . as far as i was concerned , i was sentenced to life. “we still need to do more work to understand the staging , ” hazrati told usa today sports .
" and i said , ' it ’ s okay , " says clark . on the air since 1992 , dateline is the longest-running prime-time program on nbc . there was no way to reach that jury , " she tells mankiewicz . simpson murder case , says she blames herself for the controversial outcome of the case . our stories range from compelling mysteries to powerful documentaries and in-depth investigations . ' " the double homicide has once again become a main topic of conversation following the recently launched fx series the people v. when major news breaks , we go to the scene , putting the pieces together to bring you the full picture .
an aerial view through a window of a helicopter shows fire and smoke from buildings of an abandoned village are on fire in northern ukraine , april 28 , 2015. the stricken reactor is now covered by a concrete casement that the ukrainian authorities plan to reinforce by 2016. what does the fox say ? he has a serious case of his eyes being too big for his mouth , but this sly fox doesn ’ t seem to care one bit . according to the bbc , a radio crew gave the bread and meat to the animal .
library of virginiaarchive-it partner since : sep , 2005organization type : state archives &amp; librariesorganization url : http://www.lva.virginia.gov the library of virginia serves as the commonwealth ' s archival agency , the reference library at the seat of government , and as one of the nation ' s premier research institutions for virginia history , politics and culture . story_separator_special_tag . . . millions are being spent sms messaging campaigns . learn more you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . mobile marketing is becoming increasingly integral advertising tool for small businesses to find new and exciting ways to reach current and potential customers .
the deputy was killed instantly . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . he has been charged with murder and other crimes in connection with the killing .
ms murkowski is the incumbent , but lost the republican primary this year to the tea-party candidate joe miller , who is pals with and was heavily promoted by sarah palin . if there were any race in which mrs palin ' s influence should have tipped the scales , it would have been this one . ” rollins likened palin ’ s 2010 push to richard nixon ’ s campaign swing across the country in 1966 , when nixon positioned himself for another presidential run in 1968 after his loss to john f. text size - + reset politico 44 she did endorse one giant killer , vicky hartzler , who took down veteran democrat and house armed services chairman committee ike skelton of missouri .
for those that didn ’ t select the clickwrap , average pp reading time was 73 seconds . a similar experiment in the uk in 2014 found the same results , with users unwittingly signing away their firstborn in exchange for access to a free wifi hotspot . but this fake site ’ s policies included a few extra clauses that should have raised eyebrows . research participants were all undergrads , as is very common for university-based research . that means a total of 10-11 participants , at most , actually noticed . [ via ars technica ] story_separator_special_tag 37 pages posted : 2 apr 2016 last revised : 18 aug 2018 date written : june 1 , 2018 abstract this paper addresses ‘the biggest lie on the internet ’ with an empirical investigation of privacy policy ( pp ) and terms of service ( tos ) policy reading behavior .
" the eiu worldwide cost of living survey compares the cost of living in various cities around the world against that of new york . our reputation for trusted business intelligence depends on it . uncompromising integrity , relentless rigour and precise communication underpin everything we do . the survey itself is a purpose-built internet tool designed to help human resources and finance managers calculate cost-of-living allowances and build compensation packages for expatriates and business travellers . we are renowned for our comprehensive global coverage and use the best analytical minds to examine markets , countries and industries with a level of insight you cannot find elsewhere .
gotta wonder if clinton responds to romney ' s comments on mtp when he ' s on trail for obama next wk in fl . andr.tv @anderson olympic gold medalist &amp; wimbledon finalist @andy_murray having a great 2012. ( ap photo/evan vucci ) ( associated press ) republican presidential candidate , former massachusetts gov . new jersey put him over the top in a ritual roll call of the states . check out his report : bit.ly stranded in richmond ? #guardianangeltweets nebraska/ ucla ... bring your favorite vinyl ! " looking forward to gardening and watching football .
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . mark martin at ( 805 ) 772-6233 .
that ' s the other guy ' s problem . text size - + reset “i ’ ve been watching this former president of the united states going back to 1992 when i was cnn ’ s white house correspondent , and i have to tell you , this may be the best speech i have ever heard bill clinton deliver over all of these years , and i listened to so many of his speeches during his eight years as president , ” cnn ’ s wolf blitzer said . compromise ? ... effective . the following contributors offered their assessments .
the brothers , now age four and nine , have thrived in martin and his partner ' s care . what?s in the data set : crawl start date : 09 march , 2011 crawl end date : 23 december , 2011 number of captures : 2,713,676,341 number of unique urls : 2,273,840,159 number of hosts : 29,032,069 the seed list for this crawl was a list of alexa?s top 1 million web sites , retrieved close to the crawl start date . we used heritrix ( 3.1.1-snapshot ) crawler software and respected robots.txt directives .
" we ' ve known throughout this year that al qaeda in yemen has become a more serious problem . and that ' s a good response for us to hear , certainly , " petraeus said in an interview aired on sunday on cnn . we ' re providing assistance . we want to help . islamic militants bombed the uss cole warship in the yemeni port of aden in 2000 , killing 17 u.s. sailors . " it threatened the embassies of various countries that are the united states already has large contingents of ground forces in iraq and afghanistan .
” rowley asked . carter needs that money now , he said . the district ’ s insurance company , new jersey-based everest national insurance company , will pay the lion ’ s share of that $ 10.5 million settlement , rowley said . “when a jury speaks , people listen , ” he said . mitch carter testifies during the civil trail of his lawsuit against the kern high school district for negligence as a result of injuries he sustained from a beating during a pep rally at bakersfield high school in 2010. “they would have given him more , but the school district would have appealed , ” rowley said , adding the appeals process could have lasted years .
" while the methods described in the new rules may have a cost , that cost is expected to be offset by costs currently being spent by facilities on disposition for transportation , storage , incineration , steam disinfection and/or landfill disposal . ... they ' re taking away our rights to own our own bodily fluids and products . ” [ supreme court rules against texas and for science in abortion case ] abortion with little notice , gov . the department also added an additional month for people to submit their opinions . the health commission has said the rules will result in “enhanced protection of the health and safety of the public.
but he said the garage is aging and would be difficult to preserve as part of a redevelopment . , the parking … more mind you , monday only recently submitted its plans for the project and it will likely take some time for it to work through arlington county ' s approval process . the notion was not lost on washington business journal managing editor rob terry , who brought his son by the garage during a bring-your-child-to-work day and posted this entry in a blog : • 9 : 55 a.m. ( see photos , above.
it ’ s a matter of proper oversight and … i don ’ t think he ’ s doing his job . otherwise , he would produce the documents that allow us to see that. ” each said they didn ’ t need “lectures ” from the other . text size - + reset heated exchange between holder , gohmert but gohmert said holder was not carrying out the duties of his position . ) “he is the highest law enforcement officer in the country , and he is obviously choosing , making personal choices , rather than objective choices , on who he prosecutes and persecutes and who he doesn ’ t , ” gohmert said .
indian police are reviewing reports of missing children from recent years to try to identify the girl who was found in a forest with a group of monkeys . doctors said she was malnourished when she was brought in , with long hair and nails , and wounds on her body . singh , cms in the district hospital . the police official , suresh yadav , said the monkeys attacked his squad when they arrived to take her away . some woodcutters spotted the girl roaming with monkeys , police officer dinesh tripathi told the associated press on thursday .
hatch ' s race was the premier event in tuesday ' s primaries . he faces state sen. charles rangel , d-n.y. charlie rangel won the democratic primary in spite of a house censure 18 months ago for failing to pay all his taxes and for filing misleading financial disclosure statements . john sullivan lost the seat he has held since 2002 to a little-known , tea party-backed opponent . he expressed confidence and said he hadn ’ t given much thought to the idea that he could come up short . adriano espaillat by slightly more than 5 percentage points , and the associated press declared him the winner .
it ’ s a lucky number , and it ’ s symbolic of light . so these cds to me represent the lps that i should have been making . did that require a new way of thinking for you ? exclusive to bobdylan.com this is your third album of standards in a row – shadows in the night was a big surprise and a really nice one . too many minutes to be recorded or mastered properly . ” no , that never happened . not much . lot of fog horns , sailors , loggers , storms , blizzards .
holder went on to say that cleveland and the justice department had agreed on a statement of principles that will lead to a consent decree . 13-year-old punched after officers arrested a 13-year-old boy for shoplifting , he was handcuffed and placed in a police vehicle , where he began kicking the door and an officer in the leg . [ cleveland division of police ] officers ultimately fired 137 shots at the car , killing both its occupants . the man became angry and tried to unstrap himself , balling his fist . one officer and six supervisors were indicted .
danny davis ’ grandson , police said saturday night . officer michelle tannehill said two juveniles are in custody and are considered suspects in the killing of 15-year-old javon wilson , who was shot in the head at his home in chicago on friday . “this was not random but was egregious and senseless to use a gun over a fight for clothes. people think nothing of it , " davis said . 18 , 2016 photo , u.s. rep. police earlier said the shooting stemmed from a dispute over basketball shoes . we hv person of interest id ’ d.
quinn , the longtime front-runner , who rose to prominence as the speaker of the city council and a close ally of mr. lhota called his victory “the first step in continuing a strong future for our city. giuliani , will carry his tough-minded approach to crime-fighting and city spending into the general election on nov. de blasio had until a few months ago been a distant fourth in a crowded democratic field , well behind christine c. john ’ s university in queens . 1 runoff . bloomberg . his critique of a city divided between rich and poor — tried in the past by other candidates in new york and nationally with little success — resonated .
( 600118 ) , which builds satellites , advanced as much as 3.9 percent . the growing defense budget has stoked concerns among china ’ s neighbors and the u.s. in july 2005 moved to an exchange rate system that references a basket of currencies . “china ’ s got a lot of things that require a state to have military hardware for , ” geoff raby , who was australia ’ s ambassador to china until last year , said in a telephone interview . sessions run from today to march 14. defense spending has more than doubled since 2006 , tracking a rise in nominal gross domestic product from 20.9 trillion yuan to 47.2 trillion yuan in that time .
story_separator_special_tag their 6-year-old ' s hair is the latest point of contention in halle berry and gabriel aubry ' s contentious shared custody arrangement . in 2012 , a judge blocked berry from moving nahla to france with her and olivier martinez , who would become her third husband in july 2013 . exclusive just tookto court ... " but i follow me on twitter @nardinesaad . news confirms . ( alberto e. photos the extreme things celebrities do to be good parents : the good , the bad and the ugly . aubry , 39 , and berry , 48 , dated for two years before nahla was born in 2008.
obama ' s visit to jamaica is the first by a u.s. president since president ronald reagan in 1982. obama on thursday will meet with simpson miller and with other leaders in the 15-member caribbean community . " we , in looking at the region , saw that a number of the ( caribbean ) countries had significant energy needs , " said benjamin rhodes , a white house deputy national security adviser . his stop in kingston comes ahead of his attendance at this year ' s summit of the western hemisphere ' s heads of government friday and saturday in panama .
the network retracted the story on friday and apologized to story_separator_special_tag rté ' s washington correspondent caitríona perry found herself involved in the first official phone call between us president donald trump and new taoiseach leo varadkar in the oval office on tuesday . cnn isn ' t commenting monday , ... " we have all of this irish beautiful irish press here . where are you from ? . . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ” “we welcome it and embrace it , ” a spokesperson told the hill . image copyright @caitrionaperry/twitter image caption ms perry tweeted a video of the encounter " it ' s a working environment &amp; she should be treated as a professional journalist and not reduced to her smile , " posted one twitter user .
geneva ' s prosecutor said traces of explosive had been found in their car . they " were stopped by geneva police ... swiss president simonetta sommaruga said on friday that a " foreign authority " had provided the information about " a potential is cell in the geneva area " but there was no indication that " a concrete attack " was planned . they spoke arabic , he added . view gallery geneva ' s attorney general olivier jornot speaks during a press conference on december 12 , 2015 ( … he said they were arrested on the day they arrived in switzerland .
" she added that pledger ' s " quality of life was significantly improved during the time he was taking risperdal . to this day , pledger has female-like breasts that can only be removed through a mastectomy , kline said . on twitter : @vellastrations story_separator_special_tag alabama man awarded $ 2.5 million in damages after a drug allegedly gave him breasts a philadelphia common pleas jury tuesday awarded $ 2.5 million in damages to an alabama man with autism who took the anti-psychotic drug risperdal as a teen and grew size 46dd breasts , according to thomas kline , the man ' s attorney .
the clinic has said the boy was not a patient of the clinic . you may notice : excessive thirst frequent urination nausea and vomiting abdominal pain weakness or fatigue shortness of breath fruity-scented breath confusion more-specific signs of diabetic ketoacidosis — which can be detected through home blood and urine testing kits — include : high blood sugar level ( hyperglycemia ) high ketone levels in your urine when to see a doctor if you feel ill or stressed or you ' ve had a recent illness or injury , check your blood sugar level often . share share tweet link hongchi xiao , the " healer " who treated the six-year-old boy .
and now , the king of caffeinated coffees is finally available in the us . although caffeine use may be safe for adults , it ' s not a good idea for children . by mayo clinic staff if you rely on caffeine to wake you up and keep you going , you aren ' t alone . ” its coffee still offers “a nice walnut and almost sweet taste profile , ” the brand writes . how much is too much ? avoid mixing caffeine with other substances , such as alcohol . meanwhile , a can of coke only has 34 milligrams of caffeine .
bush ’ s two midterms , while republicans lost a net of 7 seats during ronald reagan ’ s two midterms and democrats lost a net of 8 seats during bill clinton ’ s two midterms . that moment is almost here . obama also twice carried sen. truman . ( again , these numbers do not reflect party switches or special elections. jerry moran , the current national republican senatorial committee chairman . republicans are trying to look at the bright side of the intimidating terrain . richard burr of north carolina , both of whom have under $ 800,000 on hand .
" murphy police said monday night there were no new story_separator_special_tag updated at 10 : 30 p.m. two plano east high school friends were found dead within hours of each other over the weekend , and their deaths are being investigated as suicides , murphy police said . ” classmates have taken to twitter to express heartbreak and remember the teens . but i really think that just talking about it would help. relatives called 911 after finding the body of ritu sachdeva on saturday in her home . “we are treating these two cases with the care and compassion they deserve , and will continue to seek answers for the families.
" reggie said . " i was like , that ' s a shame . they called the police to tell the police that the kids were cutting their grass , " holt said in the video . lucille holt created a facebook post about what happened and ended up with thousands of views and hundreds of shares . “who does that ? joe mocsiran confirmed to fox news on friday . " she asked . now , mr. ” holt said the young boy started the business last year in an effort to help his mom .
pic giles hamm but the story_separator_special_tag excavation methods hand excavation was undertaken within warratyi rock shelter ( extended data fig . image : scientists determined the age of the site at 49,000 years . 1c ) to enable greater recording precision . the shelter , about 550 kilometres north of adelaide , also contains the first reliably dated evidence of human interaction with megafauna . " nature called and cliff walked up this creek bed into this gorge and found this amazing spring surrounded by rock art , " mr hamm said . eventually some 4,300 objects and 200 bone fragments were recovered .
police " he started pounding on the register trying to open it , " koba said . story_separator_special_tag beating by proprietor prompted suspect to drop cash register , run off , police said . ’ but i didn ' t . the man apparently stripped after he left the store because police later found his clothing , according to krem . the suspect pushed koba , and she fell , spotting the golf club , she said . if you have any information on the suspect you are asked to call moses lake police . no matter . the owner , miyo koba , had owned the business for 60 years .
story continued below as he did in his speech tuesday night outlining his own approach to combating isis in iraq and syria , the former florida governor and presidential hopeful glossed over his brother ’ s decision to go to war in iraq — and while acknowledging that mistakes were made , he seemed to view the war itself in positive terms . " i don ' t know . ambrose college . 13 , 2015 , at st. bush , largely ended the cia ' s use of the techniques before he left office . “i ’ m not saying this because i ’ m a bush , ” he said .
watch : ryan gosling gushes over eva mendes akm-gsi gosling jumped out of the car and to the dog ' s rescue , saving it from any potential harm by other drivers . . @ryangosling saved a dog in the street while on a luxury getaway with @evamendes . share it in the comments . have something to add to this story ? hilary duff adopted a french bulldog named peaches , who is the sister of beau , her beloved dog of the same breed who went to " doggy heaven " in january . we can only assume he didn ' t have time , there are more dogs to save and people to inspire .
the government in 2014 started dialogue with the commonwealth secretariat to set up the body in compliance with a set of guiding standards adopted by the united nations general assembly in 1993. portia simpson miller ; and members of parliament . carl williams , and chief of defence staff , major general antony anderson . sir patrick allen . hon . but he or she could use discretionary powers for extraordinary political intervention , based on the constitution . jamaican lawmakers will debate a constitutional amendment that would replace britain ’ s queen elizabeth ii as head of state and make the island a republic .
” marburger , 45 , said the incident that compelled her to write the post included a mother who she believed was disrespectful to her in front of her class . " " we ’ re overworked . ” abc news “i have already made the decision to leave teaching at the end of this year , and today , i don ' t know if i will make it even that long , ” she wrote . the photos show books astray , papers left on the floor and a book that appears to be torn apart .
" barea , the nba ' s only active player who is a native puerto rican , did not have any communication with his parents until sunday . " i was really proud of j.j. and how quickly he got involved and how hard he worked to make all of this happen , " cuban told espn in a text message . 25 , 2017 . barea ' s fundraiser has generated more than $ 140,000 . , to take over to puerto rico , and they ' re going to turn around and come back . the storm caused major flooding and knocked out electricity and phone service throughout the island , much of which is expected to be without power for months .
related headlines : the story behind the viral video , told by the photographer who captured the images shared millions of times across the world : story_separator_special_tag baltimore tv station wmar reported that a mother saw her son on television taking part in protests and went to confront him , slapping him . that didn ' t sit well with her . his funeral was held monday . ( fair warning , basically every video in this article will contain profanity. “but to stand up there and vandalize police officers , that ’ s not justice. you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history .
wei and dharun ravi , 19 , were charged in september with the secret taping of ravi ' s roommate , tyler clementi , while clementi engaged in a sexual encounter with another male in their dorm room . " " actions have consequences , " the family said . on sept. the incident also has been cited by groups concerned about that the internet has become a vehicle for violating basic privacy rights . 21. contact staff writer george anastasia at 856-779-3846 or ganastasia@phillynews.com . molly wei pleaded not guilty friday to two counts of invasion of privacy , according to a statement from the middlesex county prosecutor ' s office .
william francis gibbs , designer of the ss united states ( 1886-1967 ) the ss united states is a tribute to the wonderful days of ocean liners . the conservancy had planned to repurpose it as a museum and mixed-use destination . i pray we americans can rise to the occasion to save her for a new life and the beautiful icon/trophy that she is . did you know ? join , donate , help ! hendrick stoops , mansfield , oh this is a crime against shipbuilding – a crime against history … [ to ] let such a ship die such a miserable death .
" all agreed that the crisis in libya has entered a new and decisive phase , " he said . rebels hammered at least 10 buildings at qaddafi ' s compound where loyalists were taking shelter thursday . it comes as reports emerge of abuses and alleged summary killings by both rebels and troops loyal to col gaddafi . fighting has continued in tripoli , which is now largely in rebel control . the floors were covered with shattered glass and bloodstains , and medical equipment was strewn about . another officer told me he thought there was a deliberate delaying tactic , putting those gaddafi forces on that road in order to better prepare the defences of sirte .
under the vermont constitution , candidates for governor , lieutenant governor and treasurer are required to win a minimum of 50 percent plus one to be elected directly . peter shumlin is expressing confidence that he ' s won another term but republican challenger scott milne isn ' t conceding . shumlin was chosen by the legislature for his first two-year-term in 2010. vermont gov . experts say shumlin ' s sub-50 percent showing could reduce momentum behind his signature agenda item , a universal health care system covering all vermonters . 4 , 2014 in burlington , vt.
" it ' s a bit disappointing that no one has come out and said it ' s right or wrong , " he says . step in , mochizuki . the thing is that if you want to understand the proof of this theory , you have to first understand the inter-universal teichmüller theory he mochizuki says his fellow mathematicians are failing to get to grips with his work . in 2012 , he published a 500-page paper online that claimed to solve the puzzle . easy as abc ? mochizuki is a highly-respected mathematician and his work is taken seriously , says minhyong kim of the university of oxford , but in the years since he posted the proof no one has been able to give a definitive answer on whether it is correct .
" i came in the morning , and i ' m holding her hand , talking to her , and the ring is gone , " arthur wagner , the woman ' s husband , told the police officer . it was tough . he looked at her like she was still his young bride . she says her heart broke when she heard what happened . ( wsvn ) -- a police officer made a generous gesture and helped an elderly hospital patient who lost something dear to her in a heartless crime . " plantation police sent over officer laurie graber to investigate the case .
moreno valley residents wearing t-shirts of missing teen norma lopez , react as authorities confirm that a body was identified through dental records as norma lopez , during a news conference on wednesday , ... " we know she ' s in a better place . joe borja speaks to the media today . they are also looking for the driver and passengers of the suv seen near the field at the time of her disappearance . i ' m just in shock because i can ' t believe it . the riverside county coroner ’ s office made the determination after a morning autopsy .
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . last 30mins https://twitter.com/toofab/status/1004110773927505920 … crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . if someone you love still suffers shame about a diagnosis , or a fellow parent worries that their bipolar kid won ’ t be able to make it , our @ wtfpod could soothe . story_separator_special_tag david harbour ಮರುಟ್ವೀಟಿಸಿದ್ದಾರೆ toofab with a lot of laughter and acknowledgment of how pedestrian it is to be a part of the tribe nowadays .
” below that , it reads : “that ’ s his jihad . in the advertisement , the " hamas mtv " citation refers to palestinian media watch ' s translation of a hateful music video that militants broadcast on the public airwaves of the gaza strip . ” but thanks to a judge ’ s decision on tuesday , these catchy anti-semitic-seeming-but-actually-islamophobic posters will be coming soon to a bus near you ( if you live in new york ) ! what ’ s yours ? new york ’ s metropolitan transportation authority had sought to keep off city buses one of four ads purchased by her american freedom defense initiative .
lindsay police report pokes holes in jeweler ' s story the police report detailing howallegedly stole a $ 2,500 necklace from an l.a. jewelry store shows two puzzling inconsistencies in the jeweler ' s story -- inconsistencies that could help lindsay beat the rap.according to the report , obtained by tmz , the jeweler first told cops lindsay had been in the store three times before the alleged theft -- looking at the necklace in question . story_separator_special_tag lindsay lohan wants plea deal insists she ' s innocent but still desperately wants to plea bargain her felony grand theft case because she ' s terrified of being locked up ...
although the government declared an end to the militants ’ siege , the authorities believed that a handful of jihadists were most likely hiding somewhere in the sprawling complex and said that troops were hunting for them . " let me be clear : there is no justification for taking innocent life in this way , " cameron said . replay more videos ... defense secretary leon e. panetta , who appeared with mr. some 685 algerian workers and 107 foreigners have been freed , it said . ” what little information trickled out was as harrowing as what had come in the days before , when some hostages who had managed to escape told of workers being forced to wear explosives .
advance said thursday that in addition to the times-picayune , it will also cut back the print frequency of its three papers in birmingham , mobile and huntsville , ala. they can ’ t . ) what now ? ” post . yet print revenues are falling so rapidly that the industry is roughly half the size it was as recently as 2007. but while there ’ s a lot on corporate reorganization , there ’ s nothing on how this will work in practice . lately , some print dailies have been moving away from publishing daily , too .
but now martinsen and her colleagues have discovered that the deer malaria is widespread -- though it ' s " cryptic " she says , because the parasites occur in very low levels in many of the infected deer . “we serendipitously stumbled upon this weird sequence. their results were published february 5 in science advances . there are more than 100 species of malaria parasites , distributed on every continent except antarctica . researchers led by ellen martinsen , a biologist at the smithsonian conservation biology institute ’ s genetics center in washington , d.c. no signs of the parasite turned up in the other hooved species they tested , including cows , gazelles , goats , elk , oryx , alpaca , donkeys , and przewalski horses .
heavy trucks are involved in nearly 1 in 8 fatal crashes , ntsb said . he had worked for wal-mart for 15 weeks and had the national transportation safety board is meeting ... ( associated press ) but the board said the failure of morgan and other passengers in a limousine-van to wear seat belts and adjust headrests contributed to the severity of injuries when the limo was struck from behind by the truck . “i shudder to think what would have happened if this vehicle had caught fire , ” ntsb board member robert sumwalt noted . interested in ?
they found there was a significant shortfall with almost half of the alcohol sold unaccounted for in the consumption figures given by drinkers . " we ' re also tackling excessive drinking through our proposed minimum unit price at 45p per unit , tougher licensing laws , more gp risk assessments , better access to specialist nurses and more specialised treatment . that ' s why we work to help people make healthier decisions , including the recent change for life campaign to help them track consumption and understand the impact on their health . story_separator_special_tag image caption ad hoc drinking may mean we do not actually know how much we are consuming the amount of alcohol consumed in england could be much higher than previously thought , a study suggests .
in a statement released friday , the fda says all those areas are currently in compliance with blood screening , but that expanded testing is now needed . previously , all cases within the continental u.s. were travel-related . , according to the centers for disease control and prevention . there have been no cases of zika related to blood transfusions in the u.s. florida gov . it ' s a major expansion from a feb. the fda updated its guidance due to the potential serious health consequences of zika to pregnant women and children born to women exposed to the virus during pregnancy .
at the time the lawsuit was lodged , buckingham ' s legal team said he was " cut off entirely " from fleetwood mac . " and one of the members did not want to get out on the road for a year . fleetwood mac , the five of us together is in my mind , is a very sacred thing . " buckingham , however , said he had agreed to put his solo shows on hold to join the band on its north american tour . " buckingham has a 43-year history with fleetwood mac . " buckingham and nicks were a duo , professionally and romantically
jeb ! ' s . last winter , months before jeb bush announced he was running for president , a miami intellectual property attorney filed a trademark request for the word “jeb ! the trademark wasn ' t terribly valuable anyway because there ' s not really any money to be made from selling anything with jeb ! ! ! trademark application has been abandoned . subscribe to our free newsletters . bush never responded . stuff without recrimination . you are warned . mousepads . even to the candidate . on it . 1 in waterloo , iowa .
in the 15 years since the tribeca film festival was founded , i have never asked for a film to be screened or gotten involved in the programming . ” mr. the trailer includes the suggestion that a “whistle-blower ” from the centers for disease control and prevention would say that the organization “had committed fraud ” and “that they knew that vaccines were actually causing autism. huge news tomorrow. well , not so fast . it seems the quack is back . however this is very personal to me and my family and i want there to be a discussion , which is why we will be screening vaxxed.
unlike the original barbie , who was so stretched and disfigured that , had she ’ d been a real woman , she would have had to walk on all fours , schumer is openly adoring of her fabulous curves . i sometimes feel a bit sorry for amy schumer . why ? case in point : 3. ” amen . this is huge . riight . even mattel has wised up , introducing a new line of barbies with more realistic bodies earlier this year . we learned the script from a very young age . here ’ s schumer ’ s response to the pervasive pressure to be thin : “no , i ’ m not going to apologize for who i am , and i ’ m going to actually love the skin that i ’ m in .
but it ' s no surprise that the club for growth is taking the lead . one ad ends with a picture of mr. he lives in iowa city . on tuesday , that changed . “he ’ ll say anything to get elected , and then he ’ ll do just the opposite when he ’ s in office. josh voorhees josh voorhees is a slate senior writer . republican presidential candidate donald trump arrives at a campaign rally at the american airlines center on monday in dallas . trump , and said it would be open to joining forces with other organizations .
named for the mythological god of the underworld , geophilus hadesi is a newly discovered species of centipede that inhabits the deep caves of the velebit mountains in croatia . hadesi feeds on living animals — most likely larvae , springtails ( tiny , insectlike hexapods ) , worms , woodlice , spiders and other small prey . not that g. hadesi spends much time with people . hadesi sp . g. hadesi has a long , flattened body that makes crawling around such rocky crevices easy . they are common cave inhabitants but members of this particular order , called geophilomorphs , usually find shelter there only occasionally .
he also says he ' s not going to cut spending along with the debt limit hike. ” the house is on recess next week , and lawmakers expect the debt-ceiling bill to be a central topic of discussion at the party ' s annual retreat in williamsburg on jan. " americans know that " when you have no more money in your account and your credit cards are maxed out , then the spending must stop , " camp said . 17-18. boehner , who lost 12 of his members in a surprisingly hairy reelection vote , took the first steps in a closed-door conference meeting friday morning .
then there ’ s the need for a transformative story_separator_special_tag ron burgundy ’ s boob tube goes 24 hours a day ‘anchorman 2 , ’ starring will ferrell and steve carell “anchorman 2 : the legend continues ” is in danger of being overshadowed by its own marketing campaign . a rare few are bona fide silly-funny . the gang is back ! he has been ubiquitous , hawking dodge durango trucks , accepting a tribute from a journalism school and matching wits with members of the profession he exists to lampoon . the movie cleverly spoofs the 24-hour tv news cycle , as
i take mcdonough at his word that the president is royally steamed . for a president who seems to have endless amounts of time to talk about the miseries of those living on the minimum wage , obama ’ s seeming indifference to the severity of the problems faced by our returning veterans seeking care at va facilities is shocking . view photos post columnists e.j . totally absent . dionne . in a letter dated may 21 , 2013 , miller began : dear mr. given what we know so far , more heads need to roll — and a criminal investigation should be launched .
" . there , he posed story_separator_special_tag 11-year-old mows the lawn at the white house , meets president trump close a young boy named frank offered his lawn-mowing services to president donald trump in august , and the kid got his wish . " this is frank . " great job ! i admire your business background and have started my own business . that dream came true on friday morning . pic.twitter.com/cy6etme1jf — dan scavino jr. we ' re lucky . please see the attached flyer . " mr. " he is going to be a navy seal one day .
established in 1923 , the college of pharmacy is the oldest college in the uf health science center . " we couldn ' t identify what was going on , " j. they tested for zika and various other pathogens but hit a series of dead ends . dr. although the teenager did not report symptoms of encephalitis , lab studies indicate that keystone virus can infect brain cells , and may pose a risk for brain infections . " researchers published their findings earlier this month in the journal clinical infectious diseases . since then , it " has been found in animal populations along coastal regions stretching from texas to the chesapeake bay , " according to a statement from university of florida health .
” ) let ’ s run over some of his arguments : the grandmother story “his grandmother in kenya stated , on tape , that he was born in kenya and she was there to watch the birth , ” trump wrote . has obama ever hosted a long-running reality series ? no ! ( “i have five other people who are begging me to sell them this property . obama , of course , graduated from columbia university and harvard law school — if you can believe columbia and harvard law . still , he sounds very self-assured .
“when you work these story_separator_special_tag those caught up in the romance surrounding alcatraz might be tempted to watch “alcatraz : search for the truth , ” a history documentary devoted to the 1962 escape by frank morris and brothers john and clarence anglin . they arrived without postage . . . to mask their escape , they ’ d placed in their bunks realistic-looking dummy heads they ’ d made out of papier-mâché and human hair from the prison barber shop . so when one of the widners reminisces about his mom receiving a phone call when he was a child , voila , there ’ s a gauzy image of a woman holding a tyke as she answers .
jones , 56 , and they also knew where he was . ( ap ) — a hunch from a retired detective helped lead police to a man suspected of shooting six people to death in the phoenix area , some of whom were connected to his divorce , authorities said after the assailant killed himself with officers closing in . jones figured out what was happening and opened fire on the police . i cannot express the emotions i feel for the innocent families touched by this senseless violence , " connie jones said . first there was steven e.
hall ' s wife and five children were in the home at the time of the shooting , blevins said by phone sunday evening . , a riverside police news release stated . a surveillance camera protruded from a corner of the roof , commanding the front of the house . story_separator_special_tag riverside - a white supremacist who organized a neo-nazi march and rally in march in claremont was shot to death in his home this weekend , and his young son has been booked in the investigation of murder . hopefully we ' ll never see any of them again .
the effect of hf-i versus hf-c on body weight and energy intake mice were randomized and assigned to two different groups ( n=12 ) : hfd with cellulose as a control ( hf-c ) , hfd+oligofructose-enriched inulin ( synergy ) ( hf-i ) . acetate , the researchers discovered , is naturally released when fiber is digested in the gut , and when it ’ s released , it is taken to the brain where it signals us to stop eating . they believe that a pill derived from acetate could be created to help people cut down on food without experiencing any cravings .
a kim il sung pin is more used by citizens than a kim jong il pin , they said . the lapel-pin find comes a day after the 63rd anniversary of the signing of an armistice that ended fighting during the korean war . gen. seoul began blaring anti-pyongyang broadcasts and k-pop songs via border loudspeakers , and pyongyang responded by its own border broadcasts and launches of balloons carrying anti-south leaflets . some ordinary citizens buy that pin at unauthorized street markets , according to defectors and activists in seoul . ( associated press ) seoul , south korea ( ap ) — south korean police found about 200 lapel pins bearing the image of late north korean dictator kim jong il strewn near the country ' s main international airport on thursday , police officers said .
california ’ s environmental laws , he claimed , “aren ’ t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized . california has seen a spate of highly destructive wildfires in recent years . must also tree clear to stop fire spreading ! story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . ... meanwhile , the ferguson fire entered yosemite national park , which remained largely closed to visitors , and the carr fire nine people have been killed by the 18 wildfires currently burning across the state .
advocates for raw milk claim that it contains good bacteria that can help with lactose absorption . older adults as well are more likely to be troubled than those who are younger . but the specific prevalence of lactose intolerance is not known , the researchers from stanford university said . this is a condition in which the body has difficulty in absorbing the sugar that is commonly found in milk . all 16 tried three anywhere from 30 minutes to two hours after eating dairy products , a lactose intolerant person will develop stomach cramps and diarrhea , the two symptoms that must be present for an official diagnosis .
now , in 2010 , you call it “repo men. everything ' s relative , of course . ) directed by miguel sapochnik . so , it ’ s got that going for it . written by eric garcia and garrett lerner , based on garcia ' s novel the repossession mambo . let ' s say a pancreas costs you , oh , say $ 312,000 . in a world of the near future , where they still drive current cars , a giant corporation named the union will provide you with a human heart , kidney , liver or other organ .
octomom you can date me ... if you pay me story_separator_special_tag generous members meet attractive people who otherwise may have been " out of your league . if you pay me octomom dating profile -- you can date me ... story_separator_special_tag thank you so much for taking the time to visit my page . i am having to move out of my home soon and i ' m very close to being able to buy a home for my kids . thank you again , nadya suleman your support is appreciated . " secure a first meeting more quickly than on other dating sites .
" i saw it was burning in the grape bowl . ikea is reportedly now investigating the claim that sunlight reflecting off the bowl ' s surface can start fires . story_separator_special_tag -the serving bowls in the blanda series are available in several different materials and sizes to mix and match according to your tastes and needs . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
participants . the main criterion for continuing in the study for participants in the prg group was achieving pregnancy in the period following the first mri session . the women were also given memory tests , and they showed no signs of decline . losing some synapses is not necessarily a bad thing . ( associated press ) new york ( ap ) — pregnancy affects not only a woman ' s body : it changes parts of her brain too , a new study says . participants were therefore not randomly assigned to groups . pre-established exclusion criteria comprised neurological or psychiatric conditions or a history of substance use disorders as assessed by means of the mini international neuropsychiatric interview53 applied by a clinical psychologist .
" he is a wonderful man . the singer came to the door of her ireland home yesterday to speak to journalists about her short-lived marriage -- only problem is , she forgot to put on clothes ! i ' m sorry i ' m not a more regular woman . he has been terribly unhappy and i have therefore ended the marriage . i truly believe though it is painful to admit , we made a mistake rushing into getting married , for altruistic reasons , and weren ' t aware or prepared for the consequences on my husband ' s life and the lives of those close to him .
" parents have to pay their tax , " she says . lagarde issued a statement expressing sympathy for the greeks and the challenges they were facing . ” jean-luc mélenchon , of france ’ s left-wing front de gauche , suggested she should quit and demanded to know what right she had to make “unworthy ” comments about the greeks . as an official of an international institution , her salary of $ 467,940 ( £ 298,675 ) a year plus $ 83,760 additional allowance a year is not subject to any taxes . commentary on social media accused ms.
strampel came to michigan state in the late 1990s and was promoted to his position as dean in 2002. " strampel was a focal point for the attorney general ' s ongoing investigation into whether any other individuals who worked at michigan state should be held accountable for allowing nassar to sexually abuse his patients for nearly two decades as a doctor on the university ' s campus . no charges are listed . dr. nassar pleaded guilty to state charges of first-degree criminal sexual conduct as well as federal child pornography charges . after strampel put nassar back in place , 20 more women say they were molested by him .
the victim ' s rape kit languished untested for 10 years . the teen escaped while the attacker was at work and another man inside the house was asleep on the couch . 24 , 2007 looking for a pay phone to call her boyfriend when she noticed a man walking behind her , according to a police report . they reportedly drove to a mcdonald ' s and headed back to the man ' s residence somewhere off martin luther king , jr. way south story_separator_special_tag darin bolar is seen in an october 2009 department of corrections photo .
on tuesday , march 4 , 2014 , justin bieber shows his tattoos at the police station after his arrest in miami beach , fla. our sources say they ' re having trouble obfuscating bieber ' s genital area , because he moves as he pees . bieber ... bieber has pleaded not guilty to charges of driving under the influence , resisting " mr. ( associated press ) in this jan. 23 , 2014 photo made available by the miami beach police dept . justin bieber i ' m a bad ass behind bars justin bieber -- i ' m a bad ass behind bars exclusive had his ass up in the air during his short stint in jail ...
“obviously , there is a clear public health issue , ’ ’ said amy m. [ banning smoking in subsidized housing could save millions } the latest move escalates even further the anti-smoking crackdown that has unfolded in the five decades since the u.s. surgeon general first linked cigarette smoking to deadly diseases such as lung cancer and heart disease . 11 . murthy . a 2012 survey story_separator_special_tag web archive data from a crawl of open access pdf urls provided by unpaywall . glassman , who is of counsel at ballard spahr in washington and represents public housing authorities .
about 3,400 people were at the cheyenne mountain zoo in colorado springs at the time , and the zoo estimates that as many as 400 vehicles in the parking lot were damaged . " basically chunks of ice ... a third animal -- a vulture -- was initially reported dead , but later turned out to be severely injured . it ' s frightening . read more story_separator_special_tag colorado springs , colo. video posted on facebook showed large hail pelting the zoo while bears looked for cover . ( cnn ) chunks of hail the size of golf balls rained havoc on a colorado zoo on monday , shattering windows , damaging cars and sending animals and humans running for cover .
" he was the first person i thought of , and i texted , ' i am really sorry if this embarrasses you . granting an interview to the hollywood reporter on thursday , exactly one week after a story about owens working as a cashier in a new jersey trader joe ' s appeared in the daily mail , the actor called the story_separator_special_tag geoffrey owens is feeling the love . " some people are on the internet and seeking attention , and he ’ s just the antithesis of that . come join us ! “it made me think of my son .
rep. " i wish there had been one more gun there that day in the hands of a responsible person , that ' s all i have to say , " franks said at a briefing , according to politico . jeff flake ( r-ariz. in this case , joe zamudio , the armed man ( with no proper weapons training ) who helped stop the shooting spree , may only have subdued the alleged shooter -- instead of shooting an innocent bystander -- by chance : story_separator_special_tag rep. rep. rep. rep. rep.
a pox on both houses - and parties , " tweeted sen. it ' s juvenile . but action stalled in the senate , as conservatives ran the clock in protest . " i can ' t sit here and tell you and your viewers that we love everything in the bill , " he said on fox . congress is broken ... the house already started votes on it . ( associated press ) house minority leader nancy pelosi , d-calif. bob corker , r-tenn. david perdue , r-ga. rand paul , r-ky. the house easily approved the measure thursday , 256-167 , a bipartisan tally that underscored the popularity of the compromise , which funds the government through september .
it was at that earlier time that the problems at american management systems , the fairfax county it contractor acquired by cgi , would have figured into the assessment of cgi federal , contracting experts say . but federal officials were not required to examine that long-term track record , which included a highly publicized failure to automate retirement benefits for millions of federal workers . ” as we all now know , the bug-infested website healthcare.gov turned out to be anything but “real simple. “it ’ s a website where you can compare and purchase affordable health-insurance plans , side by side , the same way you shop for a plane ticket on kayak … same way you shop for a tv on amazon .
hide caption 3 of 22 photos : photos : attack on u.s. mission in benghazi attack on u.s. mission in benghazi – damage is seen inside the u.s. mission on september 13. martin dempsey said during an exclusive interview with abc news . king : information is " specific , " attacks " really could be almost anyplace " western targets , not just american ones , are under threat , officials say a global travel alert issued friday by the state department warned al qaeda may launch attacks in the middle east , north africa and beyond in coming weeks , a threat that prompted sunday ' s closure of 21 embassies and consulates .
griswold and colleagues described their discovery of trogloraptor , or “cave robber , ” a spider that is partial to caves and redwood debris in coastal forests from california to british columbia . trogloraptor , which is roughly the size of a half-dollar coin when its legs are extended , has large raptorial claws , suggesting it is a fierce , specialized predator . follow me on twitter @montemorin in the journal zookeys , california academy of sciences arachnologist charles e. captive trogloraptors have so far refused to eat a variety of prey provided in the lab .
animal rights organisation peta had also last week filed a petition with the national green tribunal demanding an immediate ban on use of the string ahead of independence day on august 15. these strings also kill and maim hundreds of birds annually - at least 500 birds have been admitted to the charity birds hospital in delhi in the past three days alone , indian media reports say . a 22-year-old man died monday after his neck got entangled in the kite string , making him take a fatal fall from his motorcycle . in another incident , a three-year-old girl saanchi goyal died when she was returning home with her parents after watching a movie in naraina .
lse researchers did emphasise while their study included data from a large study , the number of mothers in their forties ( just 53 ) examined meant more research was needed . if you ' re in your 20s , you ' re probably familiar with the feeling of being bombarded by engagement and baby announcements every time you log into facebook . but are book learning and intelligence really the same thing ? researcher alice goisis theorizes that this may be because " first-time mothers in their 30s are , for example , likely to be more educated , have higher incomes , are more likely to be in stable relationships , have healthier lifestyles , seek prenatal care earlier , and have planned their pregnancies , " as she told the times .
and in some cases , slow healing of this type of injury may be due to a blood disorder that causes the blood to not coagulate normally , luck said . doctors were able to stop the bleeding by " repacking " the liver or applying a special pad and putting pressure on the organ overnight . " none of those cases involved liver damage . there has been one previous case of kidney damage from paintball story_separator_special_tag an 18-year-old man thought to have appendicitis ended up being treated for severe internal injuries after an intense paintball game , according to a new case study .
" he said he told jarl mohn , president and ceo of npr , on wednesday morning that he would step down . file - in this march 18 , 2015 file photo , former associated press vice president and senior managing editor mike oreskes poses for a photo at ap headquarters , in new york . the post did not disclose their names , stating they spoke on condition of anonymity because they did not want to damage future employment prospects . an afternoon meeting was pushed off into evening and an invitation to dinner at a seafood restaurant near union station .
' you wanted to do it ; you were just trapped in a system that said ' get married . " all the older men are going for younger women , leaving the women with no one , " hasselbeck said on tuesday . panelist joy behar seemed the most taken aback by elisabeth head-scratching logic , blasting the remarks as “ridiculous. if they could only land a man . elisabeth , please invest in rent-a-lez or something such service before opening your flytrap again . ” springs to mind . she once argued that the morning-after pill should be banned even in cases of rape and incest , and she criticized espn ' s erin andrews for being the victim of a stalking because she was " wearing next to nothing .
yangonmyanmar ' s government is releasing another 73 political prisoners and more could be freed in coming months to honor a commitment made by the president during a recent trip to europe , a member of a government body looking into the process said on tuesday . " it ' s welcome when political prisoners are being released , but it ' s important to remember that many still remain in prison and all the repressive laws that put them there are still in place , " she said . at the same time , said anna roberts , executive director of burma campaign uk , scores of peaceful protesters continue to be arrested , tried and convicted .
the animals were said to be in good health , albeit with watery eyes , which could have been aggravated , police said , by “continuous exposure to camera flashes ” . the circus has denied allegations of cruelty and trickery . so much so that visitors to a travelling circus near the italian town of brescia had believed the chow chow dogs were a rare example of the chinese bear . now we are like westerners and want one as a companion. and here are the dogs-in-disguise : cani truccati da panda : blitz della forestale al circo orfei http://t.co/bxytkas8k0 pic.twitter.com/vafuaqpewb — corriere della sera ( @corriereit ) december 22 , 2014 the police were not fooled , who said the dogs were put on display ahead of the circus show .
but one man says he ' s the winner and will give someone who shares his facebook photo $ 1 million . while the numbers on daniels ' ticket do match those that won half of the record $ 587.5 million jackpot , they ' re not in numerical order . ” there were two winners in the drawing . is it a hoax ? ! ! a real ticket would be . or so he claims . purporting to be the second powerball winner in wednesday ’ s $ 588 million payout , mr. , who decided to take a lump sum payment .
" on the right , another view of thorak at work on " denkmal der arbeit " ( monument to work ) . thorak was a gifted sculptor and we can see that he did a good job . arno breker ' s " somebody made an effort to properly hide it , it was buried some 60cm underground . " thorak ' s sculptures were often enormous , designed to adorn official buildings and public spaces . in may , two 33ft-long ( 10m ) bronze horse statues , which had stood outside hitler ' s chancellery in berlin , were recovered by german police , having been missing since 1989.
" williams said that npr ' s move to fire him was a " a chilling assault on free speech " that came about due to " political correctness and ideological orthodoxy " by the " self-righteous ideological , left-wing leadership at npr . i get nervous . " where am i going wrong here , juan ? , has been ... 21 , 2010. " ( h/t johnny dollar. williams , who has written extensively on race and civil rights in the u.s. among other things , williams will now write columns for foxnews.com , the first of which appeared on thursday afternoon .
i can ' t do it with her . " at that point i was smoking cigarettes . it was a strange experience , making a love story and not getting along with your co-star in any way , " gosling said . ' and it got better after that , you know ? " and ryan came to me , and there ' s 150 people standing in this big scene , and he says , ' nick , come here . thereï ¿ ½s nothing wrong with them , but maybe i overloaded my audience . " we inspired the worst in each other .
related : hurricane patricia to intensify heavy rains in texas , 10m under flood watch the train remained on its side on saturday , about 4 miles north of corsicana , as authorities waited for the water to recede before attempting to right it and remove it from the tracks . union pacific spokesman jeff degraff told the station that one locomotive and several rail cars were partially submerged , but no one was injured . ( associated press ) cameron county precinct 1 employees felipe mendez and isais almaguercleaned culverts along vermillion rd. the second practice session ...
bernie sanders and his call for a government-run health care system are back . does single-payer work well in the countries that have it ? costs are lower across europe , canada and australia , where government plays a bigger role in medical care than here , and citizens in many of those places live longer than americans . senate minority leader chuck schumer told reporters that he would be “looking at all of ” the party story_separator_special_tag sen. cancellations today : 1,128. 12 , 2017 . throughout his insurgent campaign for the democratic presidential nomination in 2016 , one of bernie sanders ’ s chief rallying points was to question why the united states is the “only major country on earth not to guarantee health care to all people.
mortenson acknowledged that some of the details in the book were wrong . he was 49. mortenson , who was traveling to remote areas , could be hard to track down , and mr. still , the book was a huge success , selling more than four million copies . relin did not speak publicly about the charges , but he hired a lawyer to defend himself in a federal lawsuit that accused the authors and the publisher of defrauding readers . elizabeth kaplan , the agent for the book , told the new york times that the relationship between the co-authors was difficult from the start .
the austin election marked the first time a major u.s. city put the regulations to a vote , which happened after a petition drive by ridesharing works for austin , the political action group underwritten by uber and lyft . however , it ' s doubtful that either of the companies will be so quick to come back . the loss could prod other cities to require fingerprint criminal background checks , encouraged that they can survive a bruising electoral battle with the ride-hailing services , analysts said . story_separator_special_tag just one more thing ... if you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up , close
it ’ s my fault because during the long months of the primary and the general election i didn ’ t tell anyone how strongly i felt about clinton . in agriculture and forestry , for example , it could be used to keep animals from gnawing on trees . he and his team therefore looked to the bombardier beetle for inspiration and developed a chemical defence mechanism designed to prevent vandalism – a self-defending surface composed of several sandwich-like layers of plastic . this spray can kill ants or scare off frogs . here ' s our little friend in action .
" we were in class and she had a picture with her from the wedding , " fussy said . i ' ll show them to my kids . that wedding was the only time i ever saw her . in 1995 , fussy stood in as the ring bearer while husbyn walked as the flower girl in his godmother ' s wedding . " a groom not remembering the wedding could undoubtedly crush a bride , especially a bride like brittney fussy , who admits she ' s been planning her wedding since she was a little girl .
sorvino explains in her letter that she had “cherished ” allen ’ s written work when she was a child and describes herself as being “in awe ” of his films . but this does not excuse my turning a blind eye to your story simply because i wanted desperately for it not to be so . ( weinstein denied the claims. though allen has denied the allegations and was not criminally charged , a judge granted mia farrow full custody after finding dylan ’ s testimony credible in 1993. but that is where we stand today .
further reading making a different case for guns as a public health issue the finding was based on an analysis of insurance data on gun injury rates during nra conventions from 2007 through 2015 , as well as rates three weeks before and three weeks after each of the conventions . “[ former new york mayor michael ] bloomberg and hollywood are pouring money into this effort and the media is helping to the fullest extent . ! ! dr. it ’ s a campaign of lies in contrast , gun-related crime did not decrease during the conventions .
moore was dead at the scene . police from an adjacent station rushed in , and howard said he directed them to the floor above . i ask that authorities handle my disposal – carnell marcus moore " ________ a beaumont man shot and killed thursday at houston ' s george bush intercontinental airport was a reserved person of few words , neighbors said . moore turned toward the agent who fired , striking moore in the upper body . story_separator_special_tag the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public .
" starbucks is place where partners are unique and should be able to show their true selves , " reads a petition to change starbucks ' hair color policy on coworker.org . it just makes so much sense . it has been several years since the last time we did this . turned off duplicate detection . pull long hair back with clips , hair ties or bands . allowing tattoos and nose piercings was a good first step but now let ' s allow unnatural hair color . pink and purple , reports fortune . it ' s extending shirt colors to gray , navy , dark denim and brown , plus patterns .
" we ' re just very glad and thankful to the law enforcement agency in georgia for following up on that and being able to apprehend those individuals , " she said . investigators said the massive amount of arsenal seized looked like something out of a movie , one where a small army was headed to war . coffee county sheriff ' s investigators arrested michael mancil , 30 , and james dryden jr. they said they ' ve had threats before but nothing of this magnitude . copyright 2016 walb . all rights reserved . more charges are pending .
“it was him who contacted me while i was in holiday in morocco , about three weeks go , and said have you heard the news , ” aisthorpe said . rúnarsson and guðjónsson were last seen alive at a height of 21,650ft on 18 october 1988. “what ran pumori , which is nearly 23,500ft high , is one of mount everest ’ s more challenging neighbours . facebook twitter pinterest steve aisthorpe , now 55 , fell ill part of the way through the expedition . “as it came into view , i called out at the top of my voice – my calls echoed from the rocks and ice before fading .
clinton also found it inspiring that baldwin started making movies in his backyard when he was 5 , and that his interest in politics began in elementary school when he ran for class president . i couldn ’ t show him where i got the first one . ” throughout the evening , an onslaught of baldwin ’ s friends and co-stars such as julianne moore , tracy morgan , jane krakowski , and jack mcbrayer paid tribute — and ribbed — the award-winning actor . read more my father has always been my biggest champion . you need to think about running again .
the north charleston city council voted to authorize the settlement at its meeting thursday night , according to lawyers for the scott family and a statement issued by the city . the police officer , michael t. scott ’ s family from bringing civil claims over his death . “we agreed ... citizens have become engaged in this process and government officials are listening. he has been jailed since april 7. mr. , and baltimore . slager denied any culpability for the killing . “this is a very difficult period for the scott family .
a pittsburgh man claims in a lawsuit that a ride on the raging rapids at kennywood left him with a parasite that “eats away at the cornea of the eye. there ' s no other possible cause other than that , " said trostle ' s attorney , alan perer , via telephone . alertme story_separator_special_tag sign up for one of our email newsletters . his left eye became inflamed , and he was treated july 5 for acute conjunctivitis with antibiotics . “we need more information . but we ' re virtually certain this is how he got the parasite .
irma became a hurricane early on thursday and by the evening it was upgraded to a major hurricane , which requires sustained winds greater than 110 miles ( 177 km ) per hour ( reut.rs/2wqrtvw ) . wind shear tutorial wind shear is often the most critical factor controlling hurricane formation and destruction . " while fluctuation in strength is likely , we expect irma to become a category 4 well before it reaches waters near the lesser antilles , " kottlowski said . back to basic definitions page &#124; back to main faq page satellite image taken at 8 a.m. et friday shows hurricane irma in the eastern atlantic with the storm still five days away from the outermost caribbean islands and at least a week away from any potential us impacts , there is still a lot of uncertainty about where it will go .
they have also been slowly re-introduced to the wild , with poland now boasting 1,212 free-ranging animals . both bison and wolves have enjoyed a renaissance in europe in recent decades after years of suffering at the hands of hunters . " story_separator_special_tag a video showing a rare confrontation between a pack of wolves and a heard of bison has been released by poland ’ s forest service . i fight the urge to go rushing off blindly and try to think where i could have gone astray . since the end of the second world war successful conservation programmes , especially in poland , have led to bison numbers growing to over 4,600 worldwide .
if it ' s interested , facebook will do just that . in a second deal , microsoft said it had turned around and sold 70 percent of those same patents — about 650 in all — to facebook for $ 550 million in cash , along with rights to 275 aol patents microsoft plans to retain . while the 800 estimate is no longer valid , everything else is . google has menaced microsoft ’ s business on a number of fronts , including with free online google applications that compete with microsoft office and with android , a mobile operating system that competes with microsoft ’ s windows phone software .
it turns out giant international corporations don ' t love it when you pirate their content , even if the words " friendship " and " magic " occur in its title . until last week , ponyarchive.org was a keystone of the brony community . and then the first pony threads exploded . in the pecking order of internet weirdo subcultures , bronies fall somewhere between ron paul supporters and furries . have a nice one : ) but hasbro did not want to learn about accepting or happyness . yours truly pony mc archiveington story_separator_special_tag forget sopa .
an employee of the royal canadian mint in ottawa was found to have been stealing gold from the mint . he managed to sell 17 of the pucks for a total of about $ 130,000 . the crown was also seeking a $ 190,000 fine . " we expected it all along . " he ' s sitting there looking at what the judge has done ... lawrence used the money to buy a house in jamaica and a boat in florida . " lawrence is reacting " very well " to the media interest in the case , barnes said , and accepts the outcome of the trial .
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . qualifications include a minimum of 18 years of experience as a dad and 10 years of grilling experience .
ford ’ s car sales have been dismal for the past couple of years , and there ’ s no end in sight to the decline of traditional cars , ” krebs said . a trip to any parking lot will likely produce more evidence to this movement . the mustang stands alone as the lone coupe . ford chief financial officer bob shanks told reporters it is too early to say whether the additional cuts and " efficiency opportunities " would result in layoffs or staffing reductions . lincoln currently sells the mid-size mkz and full-size continental — both share platforms with ford counterparts .
.......... “i can ’ t put a number on it , ” mcgauley said . the assessment underscored news reports that combatant commanders might encounter unregulated militia members along the southern border in alleged support of u.s. customs and border protection agents . “a lot of people who never come here , they have a misunderstanding . the presentation is marked as “unclassified//fouo//les , ” meaning , the documents are for official use only and are law enforcement sensitive . .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... copyright © 2018 albuquerque journal columbus , n.m.
uribe married claudia solis in 2008 , and the wedding was one of the few times he left his home in recent years . he had to be taken to the hospital with a crane by emergency and civil defense workers . since the summer of 2002 , uribe had been bedridden , relying on his mother and friends to feed and clean him . ( associated press ) manuel uribe had slimmed down to about 867 pounds ( 394 kilograms ) , well below his then-record peak weight of 1,230 pounds ( 560 kilograms ) , which was certified in 2006 as a guinness world record .
“i ’ m not that person . 8 , ryan , the then-house budget committee chairman and former 2012 gop vice presidential candidate , said that he was " disappointed " in mccarthy ' s decision and called for new candidates , but didn ' t put himself in the running . fueling the fire facing the prospect of so period , end of story. that ’ s who should be president , ” ryan told reporters last month . “what really bothers me the most about politics these days is this notion of identity politics , ” ryan says in the clip .
courtesy humane society of missouri after dealing with a broken-down boat and paddling half of a mile , the team finally reached soshe ’ s home . rescuers said they could hear the dog barking as they pulled up to the house . the dog ’ s owner was moved to tears when she heard soshe was safe . to save dogs , cats , chickens , goats and horses from the flood waters . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . anyone interested in helping pets affected by hurricane florence can donate online here or by calling ( 314 ) 951-1542.
but as further details and records emerged , bales began to remember what he did , the lawyer said , and he will admit to " very specific facts " about the shootings . a hearing in the case is scheduled for june 5. robert bales participates in an exercise at the national training center at fort irwin , ... in addition to those killed , six afghans were wounded in the march 2012 attack near a small u.s. base in afghanistan ' s kandahar province . ( associated press ) staff sgt . the army would not comment on any potential deal wednesday .
an unusual bridge at bà nà hills in vietnam appears to be held up by a pair of giant hands . it is the latest in a series of statement footbridges around the world . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
there ’ s a reason , he says , that common descriptive phrases of the world include “colorless , ” “gray , ” and “feeling blue ” by sad people , and “bright ” and “colorful ” by happier folks . the purpose of the present research was to test whether emotion influences color perception . a gloomy mood lowers dopamine , which may impair neutrotransmitters in the retina . here , the participants viewed 24 separate color patches created in adobe photoshop on a computer screen . j. elliot provided substantive revisions . author contributions c.
a strong earthquake on march 11 , 2011 knocked out power at the plant , and because ... ( associated press ) in this photo taken on oct. he said the dousing would need to continue nonstop for days . ( ap ... friday ' s quake and tsunami damaged two nuclear reactors ... ( associated press ) a stranded elderly woman is carried on the back of a japanese soldier after being rescued from a residence at the decision still trumped the worst-case alternative _ total nuclear meltdown . without power , and without plant pipes and pumps that were destroyed in the explosion of the most-troubled reactor ' s containment building , authorities resorted to drawing seawater in an attempt to cool off the overheated uranium fuel rods .
) ' aaa ' long-term foreign and local currency issuer default ratings ( idrs ) on rating watch negative ( rwn ) . , " said fitch in a press release . the news comes just as the latest talks in washington , d.c. over how to raise the debt ceiling and end the government shutdown seem to be falling apart . ' aaa ' rating can tolerate a substantially higher level of public debt than other ' aaa ' sovereigns . --------------------------------------- fitch ratings-new york/london-15 october 2013 : fitch ratings has placed the united states of america ' s ( u.s.
“i like to have a home for people just to have a lot of fun , ” handler says of welcoming guests . ” the comedy talk show , which airs weeknights at 11 p.m. on e ! “my whole shtick is my audience , so i actually really want them more involved in the show , as cheesy as that may sound . “chuy can ’ t speak english , so i don ’ t even know if he knows about the move , ” handler quips . but the show hopes to maintain an intimate vibe .
“we have the skeletal remains of a young child , someone who i would suggest has clearly been murdered , ” bray said . courtesy : sa police the quilt , left , found in the suitcase , with the digital image , left , released by the police today that shows seven patches identified . “at this time our inquiries will focus on where the evidence leads us in this investigation and at this point that primary focus remains within australia , ” bray said . missing since 2007 — english girl madeleine mccann was snatched from a portuguese holiday resort .
hager . i want to apologize i didn ' t call earlier . hager said he had been thinking about killing his wife carolyn for several days because she was in pain , the arrest report said . it ' s unclear if hager shared his financial situation with his family . " tragic ! read more the shooting happened around 7 : 30 monday morning at 7865 meadowlark ln . lucie county jail without bond . and william hager seemed like sweet people . story_separator_special_tag an 86-year-old port st. " these stories you hear from quite many people , that they actually decide whether they are going to pay the electric bill this month or buy the drug that may be keeping them alive , " said andrew passeri , executive director at hands of st.
ice free liquid this new research finds that a significant amount is stored in partially compacted snow called firn . " this discovery was a surprise , " said prof rick forster from the university of utah . despite decades of poking and prodding by scientists , only now has the massive ice island revealed a hidden aquifer . however , the top of the water table rose after greenland ' s huge surface melt in 2012 , the researchers report in their grl study . tracking this surface runoff helps scientists account for ice lost to melting each year .
- follow the ticker on twitter : @politicalticker rosen : ann romney and working moms rosen ' s comment also prompted ann romney herself to make her twitter debut . that last one i can actually understand . spare me the faux anger from the right who view the issue of women ' s rights and advancement as a way to score political points . she should apologize , ” messina tweeted . ' guess what ? josh romney posted that his mother " is one of the smartest , hardest working woman i know . the accusations were flying .
emanuel zayas and his family traveled to the u.s. from cuba to have the surgery in miami . " zayas ' condition is known as polyostotic fibrous dysplasia , which caused the boy ' s body to develop scar-like tissue instead of bone . " when the growth first appeared , zayas and his parents thought it was just a pimple , but the tumor eventually grew bigger than a basketball . " another angel has arrived in heaven . robert marx , chief of oral and maxillofacial surgery for the university of miami health system , in a statement to the herald .
but the salvation army ’ s major-gifts manager was notified of the incoming windfall a day or two in advance , she said , and picked up the kettle himself . borgen said only that they were not from rosemount . maj. they also said they remember when money was tight and they relied on discarded food from the local grocery store . a little perspective : typically , a kettle takes in about $ 30 an hour , according to the charity . the organization is trying to raise $ 11.6 million this year . the previous twin cities record for a single kettle donation was $ 25,000 .
— the escambia county sheriff ’ s office has doubled the number of deputies on the street as the department continues searching for suspected murderers william boyette and mary craig rice , who authorities say are on a multi-state killing spree . her 2-year-old son was reportedly unharmed . police say crocker was likely not connected to boyette , but he shot her to use her car in his getaway . a new picture of rice was also released at the press briefing . update : 12 : 00 p.m. 31. investigators tell wrbl sister station wkrg the fugitive billy boyette jr.
ellen degeneres will host this year ' s oscars . here ' s our annual charts of predictions for the 86th academy awards . degeneres previously hosted the show in 2007 and earned a primetime emmy nomination for her work . " i am so excited to be hosting the oscars for the second time . photos : a day in the life of ellen degeneres degeneres ' announcement comes immediately after cheryl boone isaacs was elected new president of the academy on tuesday . choosing degeneres , known for her kindler , gentler humor , signals that the academy ' s next awards show will have a decidedly different tone than the 85th academy awards , hosted by seth macfarlane , who drew criticism for routines like his song about actresses ' nudity on film .
" ' a lot of the children are under the benches , ' " a pakistani taliban said , according to ahmed . ( associated press ) people look at lists of attack victims displayed at a local hospital in peshawar , pakistan , tuesday , dec. ” it was to be the deadliest terrorist attack in pakistan in memory . taliban ... in the terror-wracked capital of one of pakistan ’ s most violent provinces , khattak and his fellow invigilators immediately recognised the sound of ak-47 assault rifles . “i told the students to hide on the floor.
his aides described his quest to kick cigarettes as a “lifelong struggle. ” “i was one of these teenagers ” who smoked , he said in 2009 . for obama , gum isn ’ t about vanity . he chews gum while in the throes of a campaign . “and so i know how difficult it can be to break this habit when it ’ s been with you for a long time. he is an avid basketball player and golfer . the white house physician , navy capt . obama popped in a piece of chewing gum during monday ’ s parade , according to pool reports and local press .
pope benedict is visiting mexico in part to shore up the church ' s support in a strong bastion of catholicism . that site was registered to juan carlos mata ruiz and a group called nic mexico . and he says he ' s aware of the extensive security that has been put in place to protect both the pope and the public . why are we shooting at one another? mexico city is about 7,300 feet ( 2,225 meters ) above sea level . " guanajuato is 93.8 percent roman catholic , the highest of any state in mexico .
the bond on the assault charges was set at $ 250,000 each . " i deserved to get shot , " dougherty , 29 , told authorities , according to mohr ' s affidavit . the three were wanted in an armed bank robbery in georgia and were suspects in the attempted murder of a florida police officer . both incidents occurred august 2. lee grace e. the fbi and other law agencies conducted a multistate dragnet for the trio for more than a week . " the pain was all through my body . " the cop said drop the gun .
because health officials don ’ t know the exact makeup of the products , it ’ s unclear what ’ s causing the bleeding , she added . the store in lawndale was shut down after a chicago police investigation found clerks selling potentially deadly synthetic cannabis . though synthetic pot has long been considered dangerous , severe bleeding is not a known side effect , said dr. layden says the synthetic cannabinoids are made up of hundreds of various chemicals and can impact your brain function , create hallucinations , delusions and even violent behavior . melissa millewich , an emergency room physician at advocate good samaritan hospital in downers grove .
the white house revoked acosta ' s credentials after he and trump tangled during a press conference last week . a judge is expected to ... the judge granted cnn ' s request for a temporary restraining order . in this nov. u.s. district court judge timothy kelly , an appointee of president donald trump , announced his decision following a hearing in washington . “our sincere thanks to all who have supported not just cnn , but a free , strong and independent american press. and let cnn sued trump and other white house officials tuesday over the revocation .
researchers say that the geoglyphs are difficult to see on the ground , but can easily be seen from the sky . although some of the peruvian geoglyphs resemble paracas motifs , an andean society that story_separator_special_tag more than 50 geoglyphs , including one shaped like a swastika , have been discovered in northern kazakhstan . its present-day use by certain extremist groups promotes hate . a maypole topped with a swastika is raised for a may day parade in the lustgarten in berlin . the word swastika comes from the sanskrit svastika , which means “good fortune ” or “well-being .
unlike fires in the amazon ' s grassy areas , which can spread rapidly and are known to have towering flames , understory fires burn nearly undetected . email douglas main or follow him on twitter or google+ . " you make a bonfire that is a square kilometer in size , throwing ash and live cinders and preheating the adjacent forest . these fires kill between 10 and 50 percent of the trees in the areas they burn and are likely an important source of carbon emissions that hasn ’ t been adequately accounted for in climate models , according to nasa .
allen burry , a spokesman for the actor , has since denied that douglas said that oral sex was the cause of his own cancer , but was merely one of the many causes of oral cancer . catherine zeta-jones and michael douglas . hevans@nydailynews.com no . the 68-year-old star of “basic instinct ” and “wall street ” had previously blamed the cancer that sidelined him on nicotine and alcohol . overloaded your system with drugs , smoking , drink ? mr burry was not present at the guardian ' s interview with michael douglas ; the only two people present were mr douglas and the guardian writer , xan brooks .
as well as the increased risk of suicide attempt , those bereaved by suicide were also 80 % more likely to drop out of education or work . if you have been bereaved by suicide , you should know that are not alone and support is available . strengths and limitations of this study we conducted a large population-based national survey of young adults , using a precise sampling frame . the researchers studied 3,432 uk university staff and students aged 18-40 who had been bereaved , to examine the specific impacts associated with bereavement by suicide . however , saying something is often better than saying nothing , and simple gestures like offering practical help with day-to-day activities can mean a lot .
in 1999 , the writer ’ s great-great-great-niece joan austen-leigh donated a desk that belonged to austen . jane austen may always have been longsighted , and initially used the wire-framed pair for reading and distance viewing . interestingly , ‘tortoiseshell pair b ’ is much stronger than the others . +4.75/-0.25 x 49 ( pd 28.5 55.0 26.5 ) we showed these results to the london-based optometrist professor simon barnard . perhaps the glasses ’ increasing diopters told a narrative . + 1.75 ds l. ” if so , blame neither foul plot nor gentleman assassin .
two more planes carrying victims are due to arrive in eindhoven on thursday . the bodies of some of the first victims recovered from downed malaysia airlines flight mh17 have been brought to the netherlands from the crash site in eastern ukraine . there was also a minute ' s silence . he did not directly accuse russia but said it was not brought down by a ukrainian jet . uk government sources say intelligence shows rebels deliberately tampered with evidence , moving bodies and placing parts from other planes in the debris . play video " missile system ' that downed mh17 ' " video : missile system ' that downed mh17 ' it is thought more than 80 bodies still remain at the scene .
) , and , of course , met gala day . ! that ' s what sjp ' s outfit reminds me of ! we ’ ll have to wait and see . also known as the metropolitan museum of art ’ s costume institute gala , the extremely fancy , exclusive event is held every year to raise money for the institute and kick off the new spring exhibit a fashion fail . tonight , beyonce had a misstep . she was two hours late . a … kardashian-like moment . darth story_separator_special_tag oof . spare us , beyhive .
he was told in a letter from the home secretary that the extradition would now " proceed forthwith " after finding that there was " nothing incompatible " between extradition and mr mckinnon ' s human rights . mr mckinnon , who has asperger ' s syndrome , is accused by the us authorities of breaking into military and nasa computers . why are they doing this ? god help others facing a similar fate . to force a peaceful , vulnerable , misguided ufo fanatic like gary thousands of miles away from his much-needed support network is barbaric .
it is a three part system that combines a passenger cabin that transfers between a road vehicle and an air vehicle . terrafugia says that one of the major advantages of the transition over ordinary light aircraft is safety - in the event of inclement weather , it can simply drive home instead of either being grounded or flying in unsafe conditions . the car is expected to retail at $ 194,000 ( £ 129,000 ) . story via the register . the folding wings are electrically powered . the tf-2 revolutionizing daily travel the tf-2 is being designed to make travel by air and ground part of nearly everyone ’ s daily commute .
dubai iran will increase its naval presence in the gulf to strengthen its authority over three islands which the united arab emirates says are its territory , tehran said on sunday . ( reporting by yeganeh torbati and zahra hosseinian ; editing by robin pomeroy ) story_separator_special_tag iran ' s media is reporting the country has produced a domestically-made drone capable of hovering in midair . jafari was speaking at a ceremony inaugurating a fifth " naval defense zone " at the port of bandar lengeh . iran frequently claims breakthroughs in military technology and other achievements . the 41-year-old dispute between shi ' ite muslim iran and the sunni uae over the islands - greater and lesser tunb and abu musa - has nationalist and ethnic overtones and was inflamed when president mahmoud ahmadinejad visited abu musa in april .
in the free-flowing , profanity-laced conversation with former oregonian reporter shane dixon kavanaugh , delynn said he did not urinate in the water : “everybody thinks it ’ s funny and a joke and i ’ m going to be on the news , ” he says , flicking the cigarette butt into a nearby bush . yeah , that ’ s … awesome . or 304 million tallboy cans of pabst blue ribbon . tabor for 30 days . his name is dallas swonger . so the possibility someone getting sick because of wednesday morning ’ s incident is , as water bureau officials acknowledge , slight at best .
ms macintyre ' s parents have said in a statement that their daughter is in a critical condition . the police and the home office refused to comment . " we have had communications at story_separator_special_tag undated handout photo from an unnamed source made available on wednesday may 24 , 2017 of salman abedi . downing street was not behind the decision by greater manchester police to stop sharing information with us intelligence , a no 10 source said , stressing that it was important police were allowed to take independent decisions . possible switch located in suspect ’ s left hand law enforcement images of metal nuts and screws propelled by the blast , and of damage nearby , show that the bomb ’ s makeshift shrapnel penetrated metal doors and left
" perdue and cotton seem to have heard latter , this person said , and are using to deny . ” the conservative commentator pointed out that regarding the president ’ s “general remarks , ” trump had “said them. white house official told me tonight there is debate internally on whether trump said " shithole " or " shithouse . tips@mediaite.com watch the clip above , via abc news . ” “my understanding from the meeting is he used a different but very closely related vulgarity , ” lowry noted . story_separator_special_tag on the sunday morning shows today , republicans who attended the immigration meeting in which president donald trump reportedly labeled immigrants from haiti and african nations as “people from shithole countries ” came to trump ’ s defense , stating that his reported comments were misrepresented or that they couldn ’ t recall him saying those words .
and just two days ago -- the same day she sold her jesse james story to a tabloid -- smith plead " not guilty " to a dui charge . many of them extremely graphic . james contacted smith via myspace in 2006 after seeing photos of her at a west coast choppers event . in one exchange , daguerre complained that jesse wasn ' t letting loose . and even served jail time . sources tell tmz smith was busted last may for beating up a cop and resisting arrest . the magazine calls james a " serial cheater , " a title his porn star ex-wife janine lindemulder recently corroborated in in touch magazine .
it ' s on me , " she said . " manning , a transgender u.s. army soldier , was in prison for seven years at the u.s. disciplinary barracks at fort leavenworth , kansas , after being convicted by a military tribunal under the espionage and computer fraud and abuse acts and sentenced to 35 years in prison for releasing over 700,000 documents to wikileaks , of which only small amount of those documents ultimately lead to her conviction ( some of them were published by the new york times , the guardian , and der spiegel ) .
this vote will probably fail , and it is thoroughly possible that the measure is not perfectly conceived anyhow . if the person earns $ 1,600 now , the supplement would be $ 1,000 . people enjoy the sunny weather in front of the niesen mountain in neuhaus near interlaken , switzerland , on may 5 , 2016 . that ' s nearly twice the after-tax income of a typical american family . the payment would be provided to everyone , regardless of work status , income level , or wealth . think about it . the government counters that other taxes would have to rise and spending slashed to afford such a generous giveaway .
amand , 27 , of new york , called the recent increase in suicides a blow to the soldiers at fort hood . “the emergency issue right now is suicides , ’ ’ mullen said . 5 shooting attack at fort hood that left 13 dead . " grimsley said that on monday he gave orders to post commanders to send him their review of at-risk soldiers by friday . fort hood ' s surge in suicides comes as the army battles a suicide rate that doubled between 2005 and 2009. © copyright 2010 globe newspaper company .
" i don ' t think it ' s a hoax . michael comes on the heels of a series of super storms : florence in the carolinas , maria in puerto rico , harvey in texas . “something ’ s changing and it ’ ll change back again . almost two years ago when we last interviewed then-president-elect trump , he seemed surprised he had won . could it be them ? and deny it vehemently . i will say this . ” saudi arabia : trump vowed “severe punishment ” if evidence is found proving the saudis killed missing journalist jamal khashoggi .
kanye announced the cancellation of his tour 6 hours before he was handcuffed to a stretcher and hauled off to ucla medical center for psychiatric evaluation . he ’ s fine. prevents any insured person from appearing or continuing to appear in any or all of the insured performance( s ) or event( s ) . the source also told people that kardashian west is “being amazing ” as his family and friends support his recovery . two days after kanye west voluntarily admitted himself into a los angeles area hospital , e ! tmz has learned ...
sdsu ' s tom rockwell is one of the world ' s foremost authorities on the san jacinto fault . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . a different strand of the fault , known as superstition hills , produced a 6.7 quake in november 1987 that was strongly felt in san diego . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
ms parrish ’ s father , roger parrish , told the broadcaster the confession had come as a ” shock ” and that he hoped it was not another “false lead ” . in may 2008 fourniret was sentenced to life in prison for the joint rape and murder of seven girls . domece , who had learning disabilities , disappeared on 8 july 1988. her body has never been found . fourniret ’ s wife monique olivier had twice accused him of the two unsolved murders but later retracted . in june 2012 the court of appeal in paris cancelled the dismissal order on fourniret and asked for investigations to resume based on new leads .
" we understand that feelings are very raw right now and people are looking for answers , " manchester police chief constable ian hopkins said . i don ' t have words . latest statement on incident at manchester arena pic.twitter.com/beploan3dy — g m police ( @gmpolice ) may 23 , 2017 update 2 : manchester ' s regional counter terrorism unit is treating this as a possible terrorist incident , according to the bbc ' s daniel sandford . sky news reported that the concert was sold out monday . cnn spoke to one of the concertgoers , kiera dawber , immediately after she exited the arena .
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ) .
the rally outside the british embassy _ on a main street in tehran downtown _ included protesters carrying photographs of nuclear scientist majid shahriari , who was story_separator_special_tag tehran iranian protesters stormed two british diplomatic compounds in tehran on tuesday , smashing windows , torching a car and burning the british flag in protest against new sanctions imposed by london . " it is utterly unacceptable and we condemn it . occupiers also tore down picture of queen elizabeth ii . 27 , 2011. such radical hardliners in iran will use the crisis to unite people and also to blame the crisis for the fading economy , " said political analyst hasan sedghi .
” said locklear . the paramedic will claim in her lawsuit she suffered head and neck injuries , and it was so bad she was confined to a desk job . “happy birthday , baby. heather locklear‘s daughter is all grown up ! police told people that locklear was allegedly “extremely intoxicated ” and “arguing with friends and family ” when they arrived . you touched my [ heart ] . rest in peace beautiful josh . 25. tmz broke the story ... the 57-year-old melrose place star shared a loving video tribute to instagram on thursday in honor of her only child ava sambora ’ s 21st birthday .
it was a rosenwald school . he also founded chicago ’ s museum of science and industry . the son of first-generation german jewish immigrants , julius rosenwald , known to his friends as " jr , " apprenticed for his uncles , who were major clothing manufacturers in new york city . the film tells the little-known story of rosenwald ’ s contribution to african-american culture and education . ascoli provides a fascinating account of rosenwald ’ s meteoric rise in american business , but he also portrays a man devoted to family and with a desire to help his community that led to a lifelong devotion to philanthropy .
police said she was killed after telling her attacker she would inform her family about the rape . the girl ' s cousin and the 28-year-old have been arrested . a 17-year-old girl remains in critical condition after being set on fire by a suspect who allegedly said he wanted to marry the victim , but had been rejected . two other similar attacks , one fatal , took place in jharkhand this week . bbc india correspondent soutik biswas recently wrote that " rape is increasingly used as an instrument to assert power and intimidate the powerless in india " .
meteoritic material has roughly the same proportion of deuterium that the earth ' s oceans contain , and so the assumption has been that if water arrived from elsewhere , it came from asteroids . " we have to think really hard and try to get a better understanding of what is going in our solar system , and whether you can really rule out comets as the source of earth ' s water . " it means it is not true any more that a maximum of 10 percent of water could have come from comets . " hartogh , whose research was published online in nature , believes hartley 2 , whose current orbit around the sun does not extend much beyond jupiter , started life in a different part of the solar system than other comets studied .
one of his colleagues fractured his leg , after both fell from the staircase story_separator_special_tag indian prime minister candidate narendra modi takes a " selfie " with a mobile phone after casting his vote at a polling station during india ' s general election in the western indian city of ahmedabad on april 30 , 2014 . power cuts , fallen trees and diverted flights have all been reported on twitter . also , in september , a fourth friend survived to tell the tale . sky news weather producer joanna robinson said : " named storm barney will bring disruptive winds to southern britain on tuesday evening , but severe gales over ireland will ease .
her brother responded that “he was not getting anything unless he got what he was promised , she said sergio correa also stabbed him and hit both parents with a bat before setting the home on fire , the affidavit said . 20. in a text exchange , matthew lindquist wrote to one of the suspects , “if u pull up street from my house and give me a stack , i ’ ll show u right where safe is , � ? his attorney told nbc connecticut that he has been made aware an arrest warrant has been issued for his client for murder in the case in new london county .
the couple ' s car was found in a park-n-ride off exit 42 of the merritt parkway in westport on aug. 9 , police said . but they usually tell their relatives they ' re leaving , and authorities expected them to return home over the weekend . a week before their disappearance , a judge denied the navins ' second motion to appeal in a foreclosure case worth millions with hsbc bank usa , court records show . read more late wednesday , state police and bridgeport detectives searched a house on aldine avenue in bridgeport where kyle navin , the couple ' s son , lives .
peter strzok : he ’ s an idiot like trump . here is a selection of those texts : aug. page , and they exchanged the messages over their work phones . strzrok led the investigation into hillary clinton ’ s use of a private email server . made me want to key the car . page ended her assignment to mueller ’ s office earlier this summer . ” page : “trump ? you can unsubscribe at any time . i ’ m a single issue voter . &#124; j. jan. mr.
! ! what a snake in the grass you are you lying piece of s -- t too cowardly to confront me in real life so you do it on facebook . " we " as much as i love [ cohost ] sheena metal , i think la talk radio needs to give ' cindy brady ' her walking papers . hillary is causing the protests &amp; hate crimes ? " and that ’ s when things got really nasty . after the show , acord-whiting went on facebook to accuse the 55-year-old former child star of being “dangerous ” and “unprofessional.
that will . ’ ’ department of homeland security secretary jeh johnson announced heightened security at federal buildings nationwide on tuesday . by common sense standards terrorist act 00 : 20 we will continue to have vigilance and aggressively . automatically generated transcript ( may not be 100 % accurate ) 00 : 01 anybody who walks up and premeditated way with a rifle . 00 : 08 and attacks somebody in uniform and purposely goes through parliament . border protection . some additions . gunfire rocked the core of canada ’ s government and set off a chaotic scene across downtown ottawa , in a country that rarely sees gun violence .
by october 2011 , the state department will assume responsibility for training the iraqi police , a task that will largely be carried out by contractors . “it is unprecedented in scale. crocker , who served as ambassador in iraq from 2007 until story_separator_special_tag u.s. military officials are hustling to reduce the number of troops in iraq to 50,000 to meet president obama ' s aug. biden jr. gen. “if that trend continues , and i acknowledge it is an ‘if , ’ that creates a much better context for dealing with the very significant and serious problems that remain in iraq.
paramount moves swiftly in reviewing its promotional materials for " jack reacher , " which opens in theaters friday . ” the studio also replaced planned broadcasts sunday of episodes of “family guy ” and “american dad ” to avoid any insensitivities to the massacre . in scrubbing the django premiere , the weinstein co. story : ' jack reacher ' lincoln center screening postponed ; pittsburgh premiere set for dec. at a junket for django on saturday in new york , tarantino said he is weary of defending the violence in his movies . everyone please
we apologize to them , and to all those who trusted us , supported us , and believed in us . please do not misconstrue our silence up until this point as a lack of remorse on our part . details about the men ’ s cross country team ’ s spreadsheets indicate that organized written evaluations of female athletes ’ physical appearances have not been limited to the men ’ s soccer team . “also 2014 talked about a specific person getting black dick a lot , " he wrote . advertisement “hahaha dude 2012 was the absolute worst i saw .
casey anthony ' s former lawyer jose baez threatens to sue over claims he had sexual relationship with her a strong denial red huber / getty a history of strange claims it has been nearly five years since casey anthony was acquitted of killing her 2-year-old daughter caylee . an attorney in baez ' office , responding to questions raised by the sentinel , said in an email that baez questioned dominic casey ' s motivations in making the accusations . see more videos pbrinkmann@tribune.com " i unequivocally and categorically deny exchanging sex for my legal services with ms.
kisspeptin is a naturally occurring hormone that stimulates the release of other reproductive hormones inside the body . kisspeptins are actually a group of proteins with similar structure , and are products of the kiss-1 gene . visually evoked sexual arousal is a frequent occurrence in men , and brain activity associated with visual sexual stimuli have been explored in several previous studies . we now know that , almost literally , ‘puberty begins with a kiss ’ ! the work was funded by the national institute for health research ( nihr ) the wellcome trust and the medical research council .
juneau deputy mayor mary becker said fisk was a long time family friend and was devastated to hear of his death . " we haven ’ t determined if there ’ s anything suspicious or not. results of the autopsy are expected within several days . police received a 911 call at around 3 : 30pm monday reporting a deceased person had been found inside the residence . jpd responded to the area with capital city fire/rescue . investigation is ongoing . check back for details . ” the city and borough of juneau cancelled assembly meetings scheduled for 6pm and 7pm monday night , according to a statement posted on facebook .
rumored for about a year and a half , gaga is set to announce a series of 36 shows at the park theater at monte carlo . gaga was also forced to call off her six-week european leg of her “joanne world tour ” in september , but has been in peak form since returning from her health struggles . ! # lasvegasgoesgagapic.twitter.com/uhpdw5wgxu follow @johnnykats on twitter , @johnnykats1 on instagram . 2013. “i love las vegas and the people there , and i love show business . cher , bruno mars and ricky martin are among the resident headliners in the venue , which can seat up to 6,300.
" ultimately , at the request of the fbi and cia , trump blocked the release of some of the original records . in 1992 , congress set a 25-year deadline for releasing remaining documents stemming from john f. he called assassin lee harvey oswald " loony " and insisted that as far as he could tell , oswald had acted alone . kennedy ' s murder in dallas on nov. 15. floyd fithian , an indiana democrat . 26 last year — trump gave federal agencies a six-month extension to plead the case for keeping selected records sealed , if they could assert a vital national security interest .
the festival was evacuated on friday evening after koblenz police said they were in possession of " concrete elements , in the light of which a possible terrorist threat cannot be ruled out " . live music will resume at 1 : 30 pm ( 1130 gmt ) . we have to support the police investigations. the country remains on high alert after a jihadist attack on a christmas market in berlin on december 19. the three had been hired to set up security barriers at the venue . ” rock am ring ’ s organisers said : “we ask all the festival visitors to leave the site in a calm and controlled manner towards the exits and camping grounds .
( associated press ) in this screen shot provided by careerbuilder.com , the careerbuilder chimpanzees are back at work , in a scene from this years super bowl commercial . china ’ s state-run newspaper china daily reported today that a “well-placed source ” said groupon is going to partner with tencent to offer its services in china , and that the chinese website will employ 1,000 people within three months . ( ap photo/teleflora ) ... " but they still whip up an amazing fish curry . see below . an easy concept for which to have sympathy.creepy funny is always story_separator_special_tag in the super bowl of advertising , justin bieber replaced ozzy osbourne and joan rivers became a godaddy girl .
a complaint has been filed to animal control for animal cruelty for using animals as bait in cesar911 reality tv shows . this is unacceptable and he allowed the abuse of several defenseless pigs . a woman that owned a dog contacted him after the dog killed her potbellied pig ( pet ) and asked if he could help because she wanted to get another one . it will be sent to courteney monroe , ceo of national geographic . also read : cj the german shorthaired pointer wins best in show at 2016 westminster dog show “an officer visited the center today and it is currently under investigation , ” he added .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . " " the nfl players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the national anthem . “albert wilson joined him in protest . most of that money goes to the players anyway . players have the option to stay in the locker room during the song . ” story_separator_special_tag ..... learn more find another way to protest . jenkins did the same in thursday night ' s game .
the 2,750-metre peak of the volcanic mountain , which is on the border with china , is considered a sacred place in korean folklore and is key to propaganda glorifying the kim family . north korea has built up its military arsenal and nuclear programme instead of helping feed its people , according to another united nations report . follow @bbcnewsbeat on twitter , bbcnewsbeat on instagram , radio1newsbeat on youtube and you can now follow bbc_newsbeat on snapchat like his father before him , mr kim makes many " field guidance trips " to army bases , factories and other important sites .
grooveshark co-founder josh greenberg , a pioneer in gainesville ' s student startup movement , was found dead in his bed sunday evening by his girlfriend in the house they shared . “he was excited about potential new things that he was going to start , ” she said . of florida . tarantino could not be reached for comment . we apologize . without reservation. several record companies had sued the online music streaming service over copyright violations . , home , according to police . chamber board chairman john carlson and interim president and ceo susan davenport issued a statement expressing the organization ' s sorrow .
facebook founder mark zuckerberg said last week that his company has " a lot of work " to do on the problem . the video showed mr. thailand ' s ministry of digital economy said it had contacted facebook on tuesday afternoon about removing the videos . police col. it is a personal dispute and they were still very young . his subsequent suicide was not shown online . the chief investigator in the phuket case , lt. after a burst of crying , he climbed over the side to retrieve her body . social media anger relatives of the thai man , wuttisan wongtalay , saw the distressing footage and alerted the police - but the authorities arrived too late to save him and his daughter .
heart disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women . one idea scientists have had to treat heart attack survivors is to take skin cells from the patient and convert them into pumping heart cells . 1 die of heart disease in the united states every year – that ’ s . nausea , about 47 % of sudden cardiac deaths occur outside a hospital . shortness of breath . coronary heart disease ( chd ) is the most common type of heart disease , killing over 370,000 people annually . the chances of survival are greater when emergency treatment begins quickly .
the initial transcript , released several hours after the press conference , quoted as trump saying , " i know you ' re not thanking . " that ’ s okay . president , " vega responded . , canada and mexico , trump called on abc news ' cecilia vega . please try again later . like in a state of shock. you never do . #firstamendment. the exchange went viral online , with vega tweeting : “a news conference means you get to ask whatever question you want to ask . rating is available when the video has been rented .
we are all dead . the memorial feature was introduced by facebook in 2015 because of a number of high-profile cases where family wanted to access the social accounts of deceased loved ones . then i thought i had been hacked . the switch to memorial pages left users shocked and confused . the problem : the person memorialized wasn ’ t actually dead . " asked the new york times ' katie rogers . also dead . " this was a terrible error that we have now fixed , " a facebook spokesperson said . even facebook ceo mark zuckerberg fell victim to the apparent bug .
( north korea appears to be digging into the same mountain on the north side of its test site — usually called the west portal area — where it conducted its 2009 and 2013 nuclear tests , while stopping excavation at another mountain south of the site — the south portal — where digging is either done or on hold. instead of looking like figure a , north korea ’ s tunneling might look more like figure b . this is how those three countries conducted underground nuclear tests . but an alternate hypothesis suggested by patterns of us , russian and chinese underground nuclear testing is that , rather than parallel tunnels , north korea may be conducting tests in drifts that branch off a main tunnel .
" actually the law that we signed in massachusetts was a combination of efforts both on the part of those that were for additional gun rights and those that opposed gun rights , and they came together and made some changes that provided , i think , a better environment for both , and that ' s why both sides came to celebrate the signing of the bill , " romney said . ( editing by alistair bell and mohammad zargham ) when asked if an assault weapons ban had worked in massachusetts , romney focused instead on how the law had bipartisan support .
the country ' s aviation agency said tuesday that the british aerospace 146 ' s cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder had been found among the wreckage strewn over a mountainside and were already being studied by experts . officials said they hoped to interview her wednesday . now their journey will go down in history as a tragedy . fotos de @aerocivilcol aeronave procedente aeropuerto viru viru de santa cruz de la sierra , bolivia empresa lamia matrícula cp2933 rj 80. frequent adverse weather conditions can make visibility difficult . 2 club tournament . 29 , 2016.
this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag if you ’ re planning on picking up a christmas tree for your holiday celebrations , the sudbury police department has a request : do so responsibly . police said the car was stopped that day by an officer on route 20. police chief scott nix told boston.com tuesday there was just a single tree on the small sedan . advertisement he said the family inside the car was given a warning in “the spirit of the holidays ” and that the officer at the scene helped secure the tree in a safer way and marked it with caution tape .
conclusions : in this sample of men who measured their erect penile length and circumference for the purposes of receiving a condom sized to fit their erect penis , we found a mean erect penile length of 14.15 cm and a mean erect penile circumference of 12.23 cm . public health experts are unsure . condoms too short : even though most condoms are longer than the average penis , there are many people that have a penis that is longer than existing xl condoms . does size matter ? read press release about updated myone ( october 2018 ) .
" " outstanding . ( 2013 ) 45-year trends in women ’ s use of time and household management energy expenditure . the osm , as neevel calls it , was constructed of scrap aluminum , wood , a hatchet and floss in a portland garage . hmee for non-employed women decreased 42 % from 25.1 mj/week ( 6004 kilocalories per week ) in 1965 to 14.6 mj/week ( 3486 kcal/week ) in 2010 , a decrement of 10.5 mj/week or 1.5 mj/day ( 2518 kcal/week ; 360 kcal/day ) ( p<0.001 ) , whereas employed women demonstrated a 30 % decrement of 3.9 mj/week , 0.55 mj/day ( 923 kcal/week , 132 kcal/day ) ( p<0.001 ) .
” “this appeared to be a case of a teenager being a teenager , ” bates said . " calls such as this tie up police resources which could impact the safety of others in the community who are in real need of assistance , " said bates . stephen bates , they quickly determined that there was “no real emergency. steve bates told cbc news . according to reports , teens across canada collectively sighed , rolled their eyes , and put their headphones back on . “although she perceived this as a real issue , it was not an appropriate use of 911.
view gallery . even though it wasn ’ t a real ring , miranda said she was happy “regardless of material things ” . obviously there is no coming back from that facebook gaffe and miranda soon came clean : view gallery . please enable javascript to watch this video a couple wanted to let everyone know they ' re getting married , so they went to facebook . miranda levy did what any other bride-to-be did and shared a picture of herself with her man - and her new engagement ring . " story_separator_special_tag view gallery . miranda , clearly not realising that she had just let a major cat out of the bag was confused by her friends ’ questions : view gallery .
" " it put the man ' s safety in jeopardy , the safety of the marine animals and the safety of the staff who tried to get him out of the water , " story_separator_special_tag a man who skinny-dipped in the shark tank at ripley ’ s aquarium of canada is wanted for assaulting a man at medieval times earlier in the same night , police say . and saskatchewan rd . 12 . on-site security called police , said sidhu . later that same evening around 10 : 30 p.m. article continued below “the victim was seriously injured enough to be taken to hospital , ” douglas-cook said , adding that he had black eyes and a broken tooth .
but that verdict , delivered by deputy assistant coroner suzanne greenaway , could not stand after it was found she had been wrongfully appointed by the area ' s senior coroner , who was also her husband . image caption winehouse told her doctor she did not want to die singer amy winehouse died after drinking too much alcohol , a second inquest has confirmed . dr reid resigned from his position last month after the office for judicial complaints launched disciplinary proceedings against him . in a written statement , winehouse ' s live-in security guard andrew morris spoke about the moment he realised she was dead .
berkeley -- hotel guests and residents of the berkeley city club were evacuated from the historic building tuesday afternoon after a woman used a toxic chemical in her room to commit suicide , authorities said . okies could not say what the suspicious material was , or provide details about the deceased person , while the investigation was ongoing . check back for updates . reach kristin j. bender at kbender@bayareanewsgroup.com . in an email to its members sent out just before 9 p.m. ac transit buses have also been diverted . follow berkeleyside on twitter and on facebook where we often break news .
“i work for sure , ” he says . it didn ’ t take long to see that hayden , on his first el cap route , was the future of climbing . i was impressed . “he left a note with locations as to where the avalanche happened . ” hayden “never called 911 ” to report the slide , chabot said . “i have the sponsorship gig , and i hang christmas lights , paint . there was a problem saving your notification . hunter among others . oh , how he has succeeded .
chaney admits he left his car running . mckenzie was in her car seat in the back of the vehicle , and nadia was removed from the car and dropped in a wooded area , according to wsb-tv . trending stories : " i started making my way up to the store , " chaney said . chaney says the gas pump he tried to use wouldn ' t read his card . © 2016 cox media group . story_separator_special_tag a father of twin one-year-olds got the scare of his life this weekend after he stopped to fuel up at a gas station in northwest atlanta .
on monday , however , he punctuated his short , staccato sentences with a finger in the air and much of his trademark combativeness . ” trump added that “this is the last big speech i ’ m making in new york . he continually cited the loss of manufacturing jobs in buffalo and throughout new york state and promised he will “restore ” the country to what he called past glory . texas senator ted cruz receives 16 % of the likely gop electorate . “you ’ re going to be so proud. lee miringoff , director of the marist college institute for public opinion .
" i guess it ' s something that i should have looked into , " the homeowner said . she said luckily the family wasn ' t home during the break-in . he loved me instantly . copyright 2018 wxin via cnn . all rights reserved . “they completely damaged my door . we don ’ t want no part of this. police say a pet pig might have stopped home intruders in indianapolis , in . including the break-in at dumplin ' s home , a search of police reports shows there were three home burglaries on the same day , separated by just two blocks .
“it was seen as gay , drugged men in respect of they ’ ve just sat there , taken an overdose , and that ’ s that , as if it ’ s normal , ” ms. the sentence therefore upon the counts of murder is a sentence of life imprisonment . all of mr. investigators are now looking into 58 other unexplained deaths in london involving the drug . taylor told the bbc on thursday . none were from the area . in his summing up the judge said port had committed the murders " in the course of satisfying his lust " for young men whom he had rendered unconscious with drugs .
" dolphins coach joe philbin also commented on turner ' s departure via the team ' s statement . benton has a decade of experience as a line coach in the league . i believe in our team and know the hard work and sacrifices they make every day on the field and in the community . with turner now having been shown the door , his replacement already might be in-house . story_separator_special_tag miami dolphins offensive line coach jim turner has been relieved of his duties following the release of ted wells ' independent investigation of misconduct in the locker room , the team announced wednesday .
researchers at the pecan street research institute did a study of homes with solar panels in austin , texas and found that when homeowners faced solar panels west they were able to generate 2 % more electricity in a day . homeowners with south-facing solar panels reduced their peak energy usage by 54 percent , while those with west-facing panels cut their power draws by 65 percent . [ quartz via digg ] it essentially opens the solar market up to every homeowner who doesn ’ t have significant shading issues . architects and panel installers implement this approach all the time , especially on homes .
who ’ s on mueller ’ s team ? given that the court green-lighted a presidential interview in a civil suit such as this one , it might be even more likely to do so in a criminal investigation , experts said . bush and george w. 22 , mueller upped the ante against manafort and gates with 32 new financial charges . mueller was granted the authority to prosecute any federal crimes he uncovered . but the nixon , special prosecutor leon jaworski wanted tapes of president richard nixon talking to his aides . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
" these good samaritans got him to the safety of the side of the road , " the police spokesman said . twitter : @gshilly http://lohud.us/1s3texi police officers arrived shortly after . he was reunited with his family . " you saw kids going back and forth and i asked them ' did you find him? " it seemed like he didn ' t know he was on a highway , he just wanted to go home , " rubio said.then her heart skipped another beat . good samaritan : ' you could barely see him driving by ' three motorists slowed their vehicles to surround the boy and protect him from other vehicles that might not see him , o ' leary said .
the 1967 convertible body shell is now available to order from the ford restoration parts catalog and is priced at $ 15,995 . “these days , the chances are fairly slim of finding a restorable , rust-free ’ 67 mustang that has never been wrecked , ” said mondrach of ford . credit : ford motor co. also , the ’ 67 body can be used as a basis to build a replica of the shelby gt350 or gt500 convertibles . ford ’ s big-block engines from that era , including the 390 , 427 and 428-cubic-inch motors , bolt right in with no modifications necessary .
and much of the jaguar jungle exhibit was empty . the zoo acquired the alpacas in march from farms in alabama and mississippi . " i suppose this doesn ' t happen often , but he ' s just an animal , " brown said , his eyes surveying a map of the sprawling zoo . it hurts my heart to say goodbye to you . it was like any other weekend summer day at the zoo , except for dark reminders of the previous day . ( brett duke/the times-picayune ... people slathered on sunscreen , pushed strollers and toted bathing suits .
beijing ( ap ) — china on sunday began a suspension of all coal imports from north korea for the rest of the year as it increases pressure on its communist neighbor to give up its nuclear and ballistic missile programs . the ban is in line with u.n. security council sanctions imposed in november in response to north korea ' s fifth nuclear test two months earlier , the commerce ministry said in an online statement saturday . coal is north korea ' s main export and an important source of foreign currencies for its fragile economy . however , it has grown increasingly frustrated with north korea ' s defiance of u.n. demands that it end missile tests and development of nuclear weapons .
” the sign was similarly pulled from amazon and sears . the offending item was listed on the walmart page with the description : “gate with inscription arbeit macht frei , dachau concentration camp , dachau. " it was not immediately known who created and marketed the poster . ” retailers have been forced to walk an increasingly fine line when it comes to the selling of nazi-related paraphernalia . more troubling , though , is that it also allows for the sale of holocaust denial literature like “did six million really die ? i can ’ t even .
today , as we approach the end of the year it ’ s natural for those same investors to turn their attention to 2018 and beyond . a version of this article appears in the dec. the above doesn ’ t make predictions a useless exercise . buybacks are slowing buybacks have already started slowing , peaking in early 2016. when you look at the beginning of the year they seem decidedly clear with all but a gps moving map showing us the path down the yellow brick road . by david nelson cfa sentiment coming into 2017 was mixed , mostly divided around political affiliation .
in both washington and baltimore , that was the highest overnight rating ever for a world cup group-round match , on any network . d.c. had espn ’ s highest local rating for the brazil-croatia opener ( 5.1 ) . usa-ghana did a combined 14.4 on espn/uni in dc ; skins averaged a 25.8 on 3 nets . public bar in tenleytown . the best-rated wizards playoff game this season earned an 8.51 rating . those ratings do not include the spanish-language broadcasts . monday night ' s world cup match between the u.s. and ghana drew 15.9 million viewers total between the two channels carrying the game , espn and univision , according to preliminary overnight nielsen ratings .
8. swift is 2010 ' s no . this was the year everyone went gaga for lady gaga . 1 in 1991 and no . the shape-shifting pop star takes home billboard ' s top artist of the year honors , just a year after she earned top new artist applause . four singles from those albums appear on the hot 100 songs roundup , led by " bad romance " at no . 5 issue and ended with the nov. 2 in 1992. 9. the bieb ' s " my world 2.0 " is no . mariah carey , who was no .
i don ' t know what i ' m going to do without you baby . taking to social media , the rapper posted a touching tribute to the mother of three of his children , who died thursday at the age of 46. diddy also adopted porter ’ s son quincy from her relationship with music producer al b. porter and combs were a couple for more than a decade and remained close after they parted ways in 2007. sure ! super black love 🖤 , ” he continued . i miss you so much , ” diddy , 49 , wrote .
“i can ’ t blame america , ” he said . but while iranians are far from monolithic , one feature was ubiquitous : the warmth of iranians when they discovered i was american . compared with my last visit , in 2004 , people seem more discontented — mainly because of economic difficulties caused in part by western sanctions . kristof gives a first look at his road trip through iran , as he talks to ordinary iranians about their lives , their government and the united states . “i want to have a future. video to watch the video , press the play button in the bottom-left corner of the image .
the government plans to order emergency inspections today of 80 older boeing 737s similar to the southwest airlines jet that suffered a 5-foot tear in its roof on friday in a search for possibly dangerous cracks . rivet holes had also become slightly enlarged , he said . " when airplanes take off and land , aircraft are pressurized . last night , another southwest flight was diverted . the internal cabin is expanded and contracts just a little bit , " said steve ganyard , a former military pilot . southwest flight 812 , enroute from phoenix to sacramento , calif.
north carolina gov . critics said the law will disenfranchise african-american and elderly voters , while the republican-led general assembly in raleigh said the law will protect the states voters from potential fraud . state sen. ) holder charged that north carolina ’ s legislation wouldn ’ t just incidentally hurt african american turnout , but was intentionally designed that way . until this year , 40 north carolina counties were under such a requirement . student ids are not allowed . bev perdue , a democrat . “this new law brings our state in line with a healthy majority of other states throughout the country .
" the band told cnn that it left russia and was not deported . ” desecration of the russian flag is punishable by up to a year in prison , according to article 329 of the russian criminal code , in line with which the case was launched . and the results can be unpredictable . but as they arrived , local authorities were receiving instructions from moscow to bar their performance . hasselhoff had just done because " unfortunately , russia is better than america . it went viral in the ukraine and russia , and was flooded with angry russian-language comments .
and it left open the possibility that the government could return to the supreme court . on nov. united states , had been scheduled to begin trial on 29 october in eugene , oregon , in a federal district court . justices clarence thomas and neil m. it is not luck . , on oct. in its 2 november order , the supreme story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . “we ’ ve been confident throughout this case that we would get to trial , and i believe we will get to trial , ” julia olson , the attorney for the youths and executive director of our children ’ s trust , said in an interview with the washington post on friday evening .
but that ' s it , for now . and there might be a few extra cases stacked in his office . ” buddy , for that price it should be kept in a bank vault . ever since the surprise season 3 premiere of rick and morty , fans have been jonesing for special edition szechuan dipping sauce released by mcdonald ’ s in 1998 to promote disney ’ s mulan . the seller wrote , “i just bought a really old car , while cleaning it i found a packet of this sauce . plus an olympic-size swimming pool.
the investigations were launched after an online outlet , dailymail.com , on wednesday published an interview with the girl in which she describes online and text exchanges with weiner that went on for several months this year . she said she wrote the email because weiner asked her to but never sent it . disgraced former congressman anthony weiner has acknowledged he communicated ... a spokeswoman for the fbi and a spokesman for federal prosecutors in manhattan declined to comment . read more story_separator_special_tag file - in this july 24 , 2013 file photo , new york city mayoral candidate anthony weiner leaves his apartment building in new york .
" at a rally later monday in macon , georgia , trump told a nearly all-white audience of about 5,000 that the meeting was " inspiring " and " unbelievable story_separator_special_tag it seemed like a powerful counterpoint to the perception of donald trump as intolerant : a hundred black ministers and religious leaders would endorse him at his offices in manhattan , vouching for his sensitivity and broad-mindedness . ” but there were also disagreements . you ’ re ahead in the polls now because of your big mouth … you start apologizing , you ’ ve got to keep apologizing.
the alberta government has condemned a controversial hunting practice after a u.s. hunter posted a youtube video that shows him killing a bear using a spear . he added that bowmar is “this year ’ s version of walter palmer , ” the american dentist who killed a lion and attracted worldwide attention . in the video , bowmar was accompanied by swan hills outfitters john and jenn rivet and carried a two-metre spear equipped with 40-centimetre blade . as the black bear approaches food left as bait , bowmar winds up to throw his spear . we have no shotguns within miles of here.
that ' s not what the note 7 is . it ' s a jack of all trades , and the master of ... if you already own a note 7 , you should power it down and return it immediately . the samsung galaxy note 7 is a wonderful paradox . it ' s a sharp contrast from a few years ago , when the note series was seen as an oversize and bulky alternative to the iphone that was almost universally panned by reviewers . the note 7 is samsung ’ s best device ever , and arguably the best big phone ever made .
that that baby needed her , how much i loved her , and how much we all needed her , " said moore . just eight months ago , fain ' s 7-year-old son was severely injured when he was mauled by a neighbor ' s dogs . " i just wonder why ? please check your email and click on the link to activate your ajc.com profile . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . the road too recovery is going to be very long . she lost consciousness in the lobby of egelston and was rushed over to emory for an emergency surgery to relieve pressure on the brain and stop the bleeding from the aneurysm .
to that end , the agenda project , a new , progressive group with roots in new york ' s fundraising scene and a goal of strengthening the progressive movement , has launched the " f*ck tea " project , which is aimed , the group ' s founder erica payne wrote in an e-mail this morning , " to dismiss the tea party and promote the progressive cause . 57 % think george w. 66 % think global warming does not exist or will not have a serious impact . 45 % believe that abortion laws should be stricter than they already are .
“they live in a world that ’ s comedy based , ” she said . ” emerson will make use of both its boston and los angeles campuses for the new initiative . there ’ s no punch line here — it ’ s happening at emerson college next year . ” course work will intertwine learning the history and theory of comedy while performing on stage . sign up thank you for signing up ! “some schools develop nfl quarterbacks . “this is a great moment for emerson to bring what has become one of our distinctive strengths to the forefront , ” herzog said , who oversees comedy central .
latter-day saints believe that monogamy — the marriage of one man and one woman — is the lord ’ s standing law of marriage . the practice was introduced carefully and incrementally , and story_separator_special_tag after receiving a revelation commanding him to practice plural marriage , joseph smith married multiple wives and introduced the practice to close associates . some ambiguity will always accompany our knowledge about this issue . significant social and cultural changes often include misunderstandings and difficulties . plural marriage also helped create and strengthen a sense of cohesion and group identification among latter-day saints . plural marriage tested faith and provoked controversy and opposition .
" ) under story_separator_special_tag ( read more from tuesday morning : miss america goes on good morning america to deny hazing abuse ) miss america , kira kazantsev , poses for photographers during the traditional toe dip in the atlantic ocean the morning after she was crowned . kazantsev is well-spoken , quick on her feet , and perky . why ? 14. it ' s really important that teens know what resources are available to them and learn to be respectful of their bodies and other peoples ' bodies . the organization ' s affiliated foundation was also silent , despite the fact that pictures of kazantsev participating in alpha phi events are all over facebook .
“kim is free to leave the pool , but for the dolphins , it ’ s a lifetime sentence , ” lange said . some orcas have destroyed their teeth by chewing on metal cage bars and all captive adult male orcas have collapsed dorsal fins , a condition that rarely occurs in wild orcas . kiska reportedly spends her days swimming listlessly and scratching parts of her body against the sides and the tanks sharp fibreglass grates . “double dolphin ride with @kristennoelgipson thank you vallarta adventures for teaching us so much ! © ingrid n.
nike shoe designer tinker hatfield says in a statement that sneaker could eventually sense when you need a tighter or looser fit and adjust on the fly . any time a shoe ' s functionality is tied directly to technology , there ' s going to be a risk factor . they will be available during the holiday season in three colors , according to nike . fox , and even announced plans to sell them in extremely limited quantities , but that seemed to be the end of it all . yes , you ' re gonna have to charge your shoes , just like you charge your phone and fitbit .
” steele was no stranger to success at the desoto speedway track : he won four southern sprint car series events at the track last year . his racing background included silver crown ( usac ) , sprint car and midget racing . i can ’ t believe this. rip dave steele . nascar driver kasey kahne tweeted that steele was " one of the best and such a good guy to hang out and have a beer with . a manatee county sheriff ' s office report says steele was driving a sprint car when his vehicle ' s left front wheel struck the right rear wheel of another car , causing steele ' s vehicle to go up in the air , spin 180 degrees and hit the retaining wall .
the nsa ’ s facial recognition program is separate from the agency ’ s bulk metadata collection program , which collects information such as which phone numbers you ’ ve dialed . facial recognition software is about as big brother as technology gets right now . senator al franken went on the record in 2012 to call for controls on how companies and government agencies can use facial recognition technology to identify individuals . but that ‘no comment ’ speaks volumes . back in march facebook announced that deepface was nearing human levels of accuracy at identifying a face in a crowd ( 97.25 % vs the average human score of 97.5 % ) .
ministers are to present the queen with a bound copy of cabinet papers from the meeting in 1952 when sir winston churchill ' s government approved the content of her first queen ' s speech . 23 , 1896 , queen victoria marked a momentous day in her journal : “today is the day on which i have reigned longer by a day than any english sovereign. 9 to sept. 11 were posited . , local time in britain . the current monarch seems to agree . ” like her predecessor , elizabeth ii is expected to be at balmoral .
the oswalts . ! ! “it ’ s official . #yesyesyes a post shared by meredith salenger ( @meredithsalenger ) on jul 6 , 2017 at 9 : 26am pdt the pair ’ s engagement came 15 months after the death of oswalt ’ s first wife , michelle mcnamara , who died in her sleep from a mix of prescription medications and an undiagnosed heart condition in april 2016. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . i decided to ignore them , ” he wrote on facebook . jim henson studios.
on the date of his disability hearing in hudson , new york , last fall , caltabiano had his girlfriend lead him into the building . was sentenced in april . he was previously convicted on sexual assault charges . , 49 , was caught on camera driving a pickup truck while faking blindess . benefit programs are designed to help people get back on their feet and move on . the announcement was made by united states attorney richard s. he started collecting workers compensation , and he played the part . john caltabiano jr. “a couple years ago , it was over $ 1 million , ” albany county sheriff craig apple said .
it began on sunday afternoon , nearly a month after the ship hit a reef and capsized off the island of giglio . " " we must continue to investigate , " he told reporters outside the basilica . about 4,200 passengers and crew escaped , but 17 bodies have been found and another 15 people remain missing and presumed dead . 12 , 2012. the fuel extraction process involves fixing valves on the underwater fuel tanks , one on top , one on bottom . ( associated press ) pope benedict xvi , framed by marble statues , delivers his message during the angelus prayer in st.
in may 2015 , researchers using a radio telescope in russia detected a candidate seti ( search for extraterrestrial intelligence ) signal that seems to originate from hd 164595 , a star system that lies about 94 light-years from earth , the website centauri dreams reported over the weekend . maccone has recently sent the system has only one known planet : a warm neptune , so called because it is gaseous like neptune but orbits its star in only 40 days . the implications are extraordinary and point to the possibility of a civilization far more advanced than our own .
hill also said that adams ' new seat on the delta flight was in coach . i was upgraded to first class and she was a couple rows behind me . " when we were waiting to board , i saw her glance the soldier ' s way and then she said something to the person she was traveling with , " hill wrote to nbc ' s today in a message from the flight . follow kurt schlosser on google+ " adams , 39 , received her latest oscar nomination this past year for her role in " american hustle .
in this photo released on the official facebook page of the syrian presidency , syrian president bashar assad , fifth left , prays at the dawn eid al-adha prayers at the saad ibn muaaz mosque in daraya , ... who does it apply to ? ( 1600 gmt ) on monday . it also requires both sides to allow unhindered access for humanitarian aid to besieged areas . but in reality that ' s difficult to enforce because there are so many groups in play . 12 , 2016 . but he said that it was too early to draw a definitive conclusion about how effective the truce would be .
the judge has declared a mistrial in the second trial for jessica chambers ' murder case , as the jury was unable to reach a verdict in the case . fox13 confirmed in 2016 that tellis was the “only suspect ” in the brutal stabbing death of an exchange student : ming-chen hsiao . so , what is next for tellis ? the breakthrough came after investigators analyzed " technological data " including cell phone records , champion told reporters in february 2016 , leading to tellis ' s arrest and indictment for chambers ' murder . © 2018 cox media group .
“i mean , come on , that show is not about music . ” the 2017 super bowl will take place on february 5 at houston ’ s nrg stadium . and the nfl . and i don ’ t really -- i can ’ t dance or anything like that . ” related : adele brings a fan up on stage — and it happens to be a grammy nominated artist at a concert in los angeles , adele told the crowd that she was approached with an offer to do the show and she turned it down .
prince harry ' s entire interview with obama is well worth a listen . former president ... wouldn ' t want to ruin that surprise , " prince harry said . he warned that such actions were distorting people ' s understanding of complex issues , and spreading misinformation . 29 , 2017 file photo , former u.s. president barack obama , center left , and britain ' s prince harry watch wheelchair basketball at the invictus games in toronto . " but then it ' s important for them to story_separator_special_tag prince harry definitely knows how to handle a difficult question .
a top u.s. navy admiral on monday called for a swift and thorough investigation into monday ' s collision of the uss john s. the waters off japan are considered congested and considered to be challenging to navigate . getty roslan rahman most popular the strait of malacca waterway is one of the busiest waterways in the world , with 80,980 transits by ships of all kinds , military and civilian , in 2015. “i note eight harpoon missile launchers on deck . seven sailors drowned . " adm. navy divers are on scene at changi and further assessing damage .
an algerian security source said investigators pursuing the possibility that the attackers had inside help to map the complex and gain entry were questioning at least two employees . seven americans made it out safely . another three militants were taken alive and were in custody . nearly 700 algerians and 100 other foreigners survived . alongside a " strong security response " , however , he called for efforts to address long-standing grievances , such as poverty and political exclusion , which foster support for violence . he spoke on condition of anonymity because he wasn ' t authorized to speak publicly on the matter .
" unproductive congress fewer laws have been passed by this congress than by any other in the last 65 years . and their disdain for capitol hill is one thing that democrats , republicans and independent voters can agree on . in 2011 , after republicans took control of the u.s. house , congress passed just 90 bills into law . the inertia continues to fuel congress ' historically low approval ratings , which hit 10 % tuesday , according to gallup polling . number of laws passed each year by congress since 1947 : 2012 : 61 ; 2011 : 90 ; 2010 : 258 ; 2009 : 125 ; 2008 : 280 ; 2007 : 180 ; 2006 : 313 ; 2005 : 169 ; 2004 : 300 ; 2003 : 198 ; 2002 : 241 ; 2001 : 136 ; 2000 : 410 ; 1999 : 170 ; 1998 : 241 ; 1997 : 153 ; 1996 : 245 ; 1995 : 88 ; 1994 : 255 ; 1993 : 210 ; 1992 : 347 ; 1991 : 243 ; 1990 : 410 ; 1989 : 240 ; 1988 : 473 ; 1987 : 240 ; 1986 : 424 ; 1985 : 240 ; 1984 : 408 ; 1983 : 215 ; 1982 : 328 ; 1981 : 145 ; 1980 : 426 ; 1979 : 187 ; 1978 : 411 ; 1977 : 223 ; 1976 : 383 ; 1975 : 205 ; 1974 : 404 ; 1973 : 245 ; 1972 : 383 ; 1971 : 224 ; 1970 : 505 ; 1969 : 190 ; 1968 : 391 ; 1967 : 391 ; 1966 : 461 ; 1965 : 349 ; 1964 : 408 ; 1963 : 258 ; 1962 : 484 ; 1961 : 401 ; 1960 : 417 ; 1959 : 383 ; 1958 : 620 ; 1957 : 316 ; 1956 : 638 ; 1955 : 390 ; 1954 : 492 ; 1953 : 288 ; 1952 : 339 ; 1951 : 255 ; 1950 : 481 ; 1949 : 440 ; 1948 : 511 ; 1947 : 395 source : house clerk ' s office when democrats controlled both chambers during the 111th congress , 258 laws were enacted in 2010 and 125 in 2009 , including president obama ' s health care law .
president trump said tuesday he doesn ' t think oprah winfrey will run in 2020 , but if she did , he ' d beat her . " oprah would be a lot of fun . ... read more — donald j. good question . i like oprah . mr. " a reporter asked . by the way , where is @oprah ? anyway , who cares , i adore oprah . trump has praised oprah on twitter in the past . 4 years ago she strongly supported obama -- now she is silent . winfrey is " intrigued by the idea " of a presidential bid , best friend and cbs " this morning " co-anchor gayle king said tuesday , and is taking the idea seriously , per friends of the former talk show host .
the woman known as “am ” complained to the u.n. human rights committee after being told in the 21st week of pregnancy in november 2011 that her baby would die in the womb or shortly after birth , which led her to have an abortion in britain . this it is now allowed if a mother ’ s life is in danger . its ban on abortion in all other circumstances requires women to carry a physiologically doomed fetus to full term in ireland or travel abroad for abortions , usually to england , where thousands of irish citizens have abortions annually .
the project aims to test human urine as a replacement for chemical fertilizers . for instance , the mix of compost and urine decreased the amount of nitrogen lost in the soil while making more “when people realize that they produce something every day that can be helpful to the environment and the earth , it ’ s a very wonderful feeling , ” says nace . other successful trials have taken place in china and mexico , though none as detailed as the swedish one . unlike commercial fertilizers , urine is free and abundantly available . the next year , the organization brought in about 3,000 gallons from 170 human volunteers .
" read darden ' s complaint in full below . " to her knowledge , lynda was the only employee " laid off " in her area even though there were five employees who had less experience in that position than she did . the defendant ' s proferred reason for termination was a pretext for discriminatory purpose . the amendment applies to all contracts totaling $ 1million or more . like this story ? " per the court docs , which indicate darden was hired in colorado and then transferred to texas : if you detect a hint of snark in that wording , you ' re picking up what darden ' s attorney , todd kelly , is putting down : he ' s become high-profile in recent years for suing the energy contractor.the houston-based attorney presently represents jamie leigh jones , the woman who sued former halliburton subsidiary kbr alleging that she was gang-raped in 2005 by one known and several unknown co-workers and locked in a shipping container to prevent her from reporting the crime .
( cnn ) a dress worn by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o ' hara in " gone with the wind " has fetched $ 137,000 at an auction . “hollywood was he learned that the dress was about to be thrown away and negotiated a deal to buy it for $ 20 , according to heritage auction . i had noticed there was a printed label saying selznick international pictures and ‘scarlett production dress ’ was written in ink. the items were part of the private collection of james tumblin , formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at universal studios .
officials noted the boy ' s hands were saturated in " what smelled like urine " from the urinal and that the bathroom had no soap in it . forshey was booked into jail wednesday and later released on $ 1,000 bond . jennifer forshey , 58 , was charged with battery of a child by exposure to urine , according to a coral springs arrest report . ( 2 pages ) she also talked about her dedication to teaching . nbc 6 ' s justin finch spoke with parents dropping their children off at the school . my client wants to find out why a teacher would allow this to happen .
" for instance , " only a handful " of george washington ' s slaves had his name . alternately , the name could have been a way to maintain ties to plantation owners who continued to be powerful regional figures after the civil war . 17 , 2011 picture , ida and larry washington sit together in their living room in weybridge , vt. but over the ... the 2000 u.s. census counted 163,036 people with the last name washington , 90 percent of whom were black — a far higher percentage than any other name . washington inherited land and 10 human beings from his father , and gained more of both as he grew older .
" a few weeks ago , we saw security buildings also come under attack [ in aleppo ] and the government has been blaming what they are calling ' terrorist groups ' , " said al jazeera ' s zeina khodr , reporting from beirut . a suspected al-qaida presence creates new obstacles for the u.s. gruesome images of the scene were aired , with mangled and charred corpses , bloodstained streets and twisted steel . " i was sleeping when i heard a sound like an earthquake . ( associated press ) state tv , citing the health minister , said the death toll could rise .
" tsu is a tiny new social network that claims to share its advertising revenue with its users . try typing the name tsu.co into facebook , messenger or instagram and you ' ll find that you can ' t . on top of that , facebook went back and deleted about 10 million posts referencing tsu . ( associated press ) though now tsu ( pronounced " sue " ) appears to be paying a different sort of price . but not us . in this wednesday , nov. facebook ... 25 , facebook blocked all users from mentioning tsu.co .
brother owen hart wrestled professionally until he died in 1999 after falling from an apparatus as he was being lowered into the ring from the ceiling of kemper arena in kansas city , missouri . with hesitation and fear , i openly declare myself in my fight against prostate cancer . bret hart won world heavyweight titles with both the wwf/wwe and wcw during his pro wrestling career . " i now face my toughest battle . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . " i ' ve had a great lifelong dance and i ' m a survivor of many hard battles , " the 58-year-old hart said in an instagram post .
the couple was jumping with members of euroa skydive , an australian skydiving school . cherilyn mcgraw and husband brandon mcgraw were married in 2011 . ( cherilyn mcgraw via youtube/nbc ) his wife won the “stuff your down under pants ” contest on the ellen degeneres show on jan. “he was happy and doing what he loved . she took home a trip for two to australia . capt . 16 last year , the jacksonville daily news reported . mcgraw recently had returned from afghanistan , and while his rank was not known at press time , photos on his facebook page depict a man fond of extreme sports who was skilled at climbing and skydiving .
gingrich may have spent his entire life in washington and be so much of an insider that , as jon stewart says , " when washington gets its prostate checked , it tickles [ newt ] , " but he is deemed the rebellious outsider challenging " the establishment " -- because , again , " the establishment " is anyone who opposes newt . bush once called a “thumpin ’ ” to mitt romney . text size - + reset vandehei on anti-newt attacks gingrich fires back in florida if they do , gingrich comes off looking like a dangerous , anti-reagan , clintonian fraud .
courteney cox ? story_separator_special_tag courteney cox and brad pitt meet for dinner email this joined his ex-wife ' s best friend the two stars joined 12 other people at hollywood hotspot beso for a dinner party celebrating their manager cynthia pett-dante ' s birthday , " they hugged and kissed when they greeted each other , " an onlooker told people . " http://xml.channel.aol.com/xmlpublisher/fetch.v2.xml?option=expand_relative_urls&dataurlnodes=uiconfig , feedconfig , entry&id=691977&pid=691976&uts=1273167996 http://www.popeater.com/mm_track/popeater/music/?s_channel=us.musicpop&s_account=aolpopeater , aolsvc&omni=1&ke=1 http://cdn.channel.aol.com/cs_feed_v1_6/csfeedwrapper.swf popscene : week ' s hottest pics gabourey sidibe attends the american cancer society ' s choose you luncheon on may 5th in new york city .
i ' m going to be focused on that for the next week to 10 days or so , " booker said on cbs ' s " face the nation . " there is a growing group of folks looking at this and realizing that we don ’ t have a lot of cards as it relates to the tax issue , " the tennessee republican told " fox news sunday . martin o ' malley and montana gov . frank lautenberg ( d-n.j. " " i think [ that notion ] has merit .... sen. ) , credited both the president
a witness said eugene was biting off pieces of the other man ' s face and tossing them aside . as a teenager , he lived in north miami-dade , attending north miami beach high and north miami high , where he was on the football team . more recently , court records show that eugene was married in 2005 and divorced in 2007. who is rudy eugene ? both men have had prior run-ins with law enforcement . what remained was his goatee and little else . police then shot and killed eugene after attempting to stop the assault .
more than 10 percent of the reports indicated that the patient went to an emergency department or urgent care clinic for immediate care . " unfortunately , many of the 41 million contact lens users in the united states do not think of a contact lens as a medical device they are placing on the surface of their eye . in fact , the cdc reports that nearly one in five lens-related eye infections reported to a federal database involved a patient who experienced eye damage . jennifer cope . thursday , aug. the researchers point out that even minor damage can be painful and disrupt daily life .
“i don ’ t want to come out and say ‘yes , we have a serial killer , ’ but it ’ s a small community that we live in … and the number of females who have come up missing , and then the bodies that we ’ ve found , that ’ s quite a bit for our community , ” staff lt. charlotte trego " she was last seen by us on may 3 , 2014 , " boggs said . chillicothe is no longer just another rust belt town . something much darker .
" this is the first time a case has displayed such high-level resistance to both of these drugs and to most other commonly used antibiotics . he visited a health clinic for treatment in early 2018. fears of antibiotic-resistant gonorrhoea spreading in the uk has prompted health officials to trace the man ’ s sexual partners to try to contain the spread . of those infected , about one in 10 heterosexual men and more than three-quarters of women , and gay men , have no easily recognisable symptoms . his infection is " is very resistant to the recommended first-line treatment , " said dr.
while the rest of america shook their heads in surprise at the swift engagement between jesse james and his girlfriend of six months , kat von d , one woman took it all in stride : jesse ' s ex , sandra bullock . my love for her is beyond description . so honored that she said ' yes . having two places we call home will be good for now . on jan. ' growing old with her is going to be a f ---- n ' blast ! the only reason i started twitter again ?
" requests have also increased for permits for long-distance hikes on the trail . in 2014 , more than 1,000 hikers attempted a through-hike , and about half made it . an influx of inexperienced , and often careless wanderers may invariably add strain to the fragile natural and human resources on which hikers rely . photo : pete brook hiking the pct : 2016 i set out in april on a six-month trek north along the 2,650-mile trail . she overcame arriving underprepared , with a lack of any real wilderness experience , and a seriously overloaded pack to hike over 1000 miles .
lujuan said scalia ’ s remains would likely begin the journey back to northern virginia sometime on monday , though it ’ s uncertain exactly how the body would be transported . he was 79. presidio county judge cinderela guevara , who pronounced scalia dead , told abc news the death certificate will say the cause of death was natural , and that he died of a heart attack . interested in ? someone obviously missed their shift this morning . “he concerns me . — donald j. 26 , 1986. we need healthcare , we need tax cuts/reform , we need people that can get the job done !
he said he ’ s demanding that berndt two teachers charged in l.a. child abuse cases knew each other “maybe it was for control , the thrill of getting away with something . " don ' t tell nobody about this ! my heart was breaking into pieces , " wrote the teacher ' s aide , who has been identified as areceli luisjuan . i believe she worked in concert with mr. a lawyer for alleged victims at miramonte elementary school is implicating a third teacher at the troubled campus where one staffer allegedly fed students his semen and another fondled second-graders .
but it ’ s also possible that it ’ s not , which is one of the things that makes his candidacy , or perhaps his “candidacy , ” so unusual . buzzfeed joined in 2012. nor is he doing basic tasks required of a nominee . ” a military school grad with an ivy league degree , he is a slick businessman whose campaign bus and staff double as a mobile trading unit . “why are you still there ? trump has only become more hated . roberts is “handsome , meticulously dressed and groomed , ” according to the screenplay .
at the time of the crash , the walkers were on their way to callaway gardens , where sandra walker was planning to run a 10k race , a family member previously said . the judge told matthews her community service should include acts that honor the lives of her son and glen walker . but today in court , the two women hugged . he attended the university of georgia after growing up in norcross . " i know she is going through as much pain as i am feeling . his wife sustained a traumatic brain injury in the crash and turned 30 while hospitalized .
washington — supreme court justice sonia sotomayor granted a temporary exemption late tuesday to a small group of catholic nuns that shields it from having to comply with a part of president obama ' s healthcare law that requires it to provide contraceptive coverage in its insurance plans . in march , the court will hear two cases involving corporations and the contraceptive mandate . hobby lobby stores inc. “we are delighted with the ruling , ” said mark l. although they need not pay for this coverage directly , their insurers are required to include the coverage in their policies .
warm atlantic waters wage a new assault on arctic ice from below a new enemy is undermining ice floating on the arctic ocean : heat from below . it has also thinned by 1.7 meters since the 1970s . between norway and greenland in the story_separator_special_tag thank you for your interest in spreading the word about science . it used to persist through the sunny summers , allowing several years of ice growth to accumulate . what drives this huge change ? we do not capture any email address . when it comes to how an ecosystem like this will function in the arctic , however , we ’ re in uncharted waters — it is , after all , a region that traditionally doesn ’ t see much overturn .
it was . he later followed that up with a facebook posting saying he has been the target of “harassment , vengeance and demonization.� ? when i walked in , i was greeted by both the overwhelming stench of his cologne and the sinking feeling that keith was not , as i had assumed , gay . … and no one , and certainly no employer , should have dominion over what people do consensually in their private life . they may be strange , enticing , weird , normal , or outright offensive to others . just kidding .
his life reflected his obit , which can ' t be said for most obits i ' ve read . it was a tough day and he is always on my mind in one way or another . " lahm asked her father . i pulled up next to him and rolled down the window . ” and “terry graduated from thornridge high school in south holland , il , where only three of his teachers took an early retirement after having had him as a student. " oh , pretty good ! thank you ... " ward story_separator_special_tag × indiana veteran leaves behind hilarious obituary demotte , ind .
what ’ s happening in some other countries is a bit different . " " we don ' t respond to pressure , we respond to compulsory legal process , " the spokesperson wrote . so , that ’ s the sort of change that ’ s hard to undo . in an exclusive interview with rt , julian assange said it is only a matter of time before more damaging information becomes known . nmandell@nydailynews.com i mean egypt is a clear case . assange is currently in england , awaiting extradition to sweden to face sexual assault charges .
“the power of social media is out of this world . we dried him off and immediately gave him water . “my family came home and we felt defeated , we packed up his things and lit a candle in his cage and assumed our boy lost his life drowning , ” she said . her post was shared over 100 times . and then suddenly … phil q. the family feared the worst for ryder but nevertheless looked to facebook for a glimmer of hope , sharing a message on the groton animals lost and found page about the pooch .
it is not unprecedented in italy for a case to be sent back to for multiple appellate rounds . story_separator_special_tag rome ( ap ) — american amanda knox and her italian ex-boyfriend expect to learn their fate wednesday when italy ' s highest court hears their appeal of their guilty verdicts in the brutal 2007 murder of knox ' s british roommate . the case : meredith kercher , a 21-year-old student from britain , was found dead nov. we use javascript to ensure we can give you the best experience on our website . sollecito , whose passport has been seized , would have his freedom to travel restored .
there isn ' t much that ' s fine in " everybody ' s fine , " an embarrassing misfire for kirk jones , who once gave us the exhilarating comedy " waking ned devine , " and miramax , a storied company now reduced to little more than a film library . his shaky footing on american soil and with american culture is painfully evident.the movie glides along a surface of complete inauthenticity . well . now he wonders why no one in his scattered family wants to visit him after their mother died . and although frank ' s not supposed to be a very sophisticated man , it requires saintly moviegoing patience i clearly don ' t have to put up with his level of unworldliness .
twitter also writes that unmasking the account “would have a grave chilling effect on the speech of that account in particular and on the many other ‘alternative agency ’ accounts that story_separator_special_tag san francisco ( reuters ) - twitter inc on thursday filed a federal lawsuit to block an order by the u.s. government demanding that it reveal who is behind an account opposed to president donald trump ’ s tough immigration policies . it currently has more than 40,000 followers . twitter , which counts trump among its active users , has a record of litigating in favor of user privacy .
advertisement the judges ruled that love ' s extradition would be " oppressive " due to his health conditions and it would be likely that he would be kept in solitary confinement in the us prison system . there was cheering and applause in court on monday when burnett announced his decision . a high court ruling blocking extradition to the us of lauri love , a student accused of breaking into us government websites , has been welcomed by lawyers and human rights groups as a precedent for trying hacking suspects in the uk in future . 5 , 2018.
the law provides that license holders may carry concealed handguns in university buildings and classrooms , extending the reach of a previous law that allowed concealed handguns on university grounds . i fear i should not even be writing this , as many gun rights activists take reactions to the extreme when an opposing view is offered . " on thursday , around the time a mass shooting was unfolding at a small community college in oregon , lisa moore , an english professor at the university of texas , was leading a protest against guns on campus . about 200 ut faculty members have pledged to refuse guns in their classrooms .
iran has stepped up work to develop a nuclear warhead , israeli newspapers said on sunday , citing officials in netanyahu ' s government and leaked u.s. intelligence . for haaretz , it was the second report since thursday purporting to draw on a new nie . ( writing by allyn fisher-ilan and dan williams ; editing by jon hemming ) some commentators have speculated netanyahu is bluffing . finance minister yuval steinitz called it " reckless " to discuss the issue so openly in the media . the comments at a weekly cabinet meeting and the front-page reports in the liberal haaretz , a frequent netanyahu critic , and in the conservative , pro-government israel hayom came as israeli debate intensified about whether to go to war against iran - and soon - over its disputed atomic projects .
" related : kevin spacey seeking treatment after sexual assault allegations spacey ' s publicist said in a statement on wednesday that the actor is seeking unspecified treatment following rapp ' s allegations . “i don ’ t want them to be able to find their way back to me. production of season 6 of the series was shut down this week . ” he first met spacey in 1981 , when the actor was a guest teacher at a weekend acting class he took in westchester county ; he was then a 12-year-old student . mr.
” transcanada ’ s announcement comes as mr. “the u.s. state department acknowledged the denial was not based on the merits of the project . transcanada corp. plans to launch a north american free-trade agreement claim seeking more than $ 15-billion ( u.s. in its notice to claim to arbitration under chapter 11 of nafta , transcanada ’ s lawyers argue environmental activists turned opposition to keystone xl into a litmus test for politicians to prove their environmental credentials . obama is due to host prime minister justin trudeau at a state dinner in washington in march .
" there are states that allow inmates to choose , but it is a very different matter for a state to impose a method like electrocution , " he said . tennessee lawmakers overwhelmingly passed the electric chair legislation in april , with the senate voting 23-3 and the house 68-13 in favor of the bill . story_separator_special_tag republican gov . currently the state has no execution drugs , corrections director bob lampert said . fewer than a dozen regularly carry out executions , among them alabama , arizona , florida , georgia , mississippi , missouri , ohio , oklahoma , virginia and texas , which leads the country .
“if congress kills this deal — not based on expert analysis , and without offering any reasonable alternative — then it ’ s the united states that will be blamed for the failure of diplomacy , ” he said at the white house . corker said in an interview . sen. rep. ” but how that key issue was resolved remains fuzzy . iran nuclear deal : tentative agreement reached iran nuclear negotiations - your questions answered why some think 47 gop senators broke the law with iran letter but there appears to be a willingness to hear the administration out in promised briefings on the framework when lawmakers return to washington on april 13.
u.s. all rice ending stocks for 2014/15 are projected at 39.6 million cwt , down 0.2 million from last month , but 21 percent above the previous year . ” the drought has taken its toll on the vast majority of farmers in the country ’ s largest agriculture state . about a half-million acres that would normally be producing fruits and vegetables this year won ’ t be planted , according to the california farm bureau federation . world 2014/15 consumption is reduced 0.3 million tons to 482.1 million , still a record . global 2014/15 ending story_separator_special_tag sushi eaters could face sticker shock the next time they order a california roll or check the box for another round of yellowtail nigiri .
” the rep says carey alerted production and the stage managers that her ear piece was not working . carey ' s headlining set , leading up to midnight , went downhill when she got to “emotions " and “we belong together , " during which she said she could not hear through her in-ear monitors . the situation quickly devolved in front of 1 million revelers and a worldwide television audience on abc . mariah carey ’ s troubled performance on dick clark ' s new year ' s rockin ' eve with ryan seacrest has left many people asking the question : what happened ?
( nati harnik/ap ) a group of the nation ’ s leading environmental organizations is breaking with the administration over its energy policy , arguing that the white house needs to apply a strict climate test to all of its energy decisions or risk undermining one of the president ’ s top ­second-term priorities . how is he doing ? “you can ’ t have it both ways , ” sierra club executive director michael brune said in an interview . “it fails to prioritize clean energy and solutions that have already begun to replace fossil fuels , revitalize american industry , and save americans money.
disney ’ s 3-d sequel “thor : the dark world ” took in a solid $ 38.5-million , which represented an expected 55 % drop from its opening weekend when it grossed $ 86 million . both films were directed by malcolm d. last vegas is set to become cbs films ’ highest-grossing film ever ahead of last year ’ s daniel radcliffe spookfest the woman in black , which earned $ 54.3 million . the film cost marvel entertainment $ 170 million to produce and after two weekends has already taken in a strong $ 147 million .
the money will be used by the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention ' s ebola response effort in guinea , liberia and sierra leone and elsewhere in the world where ebola is a threat , the foundation said tuesday . who assistant director-general dr. a texas health care worker who provided hospital care for thomas eric duncan , who later died ... check back soon for further information . this is a breaking news update . " " the most important step we can take is to story_separator_special_tag dallas ( ap ) — they drew his blood , put tubes down his throat and wiped up his diarrhea .
but the footage appears to have been recorded as part of a prank by scientists at europe ’ s top physics lab , which serves as the home of the lagre hadron collider . shape created with sketch . wellcome images 12/18 baby hawaiian bobtail squid another wellcome images award winner , this time of baby hawaiian bobtail squid . scott birch . eso/a . these excavations included evidence of fortifications and mysterious earthworks called geoglyphs josé iriarte 9/18 one in 10 people have traces of cocaine or heroin on fingerprints , study finds more than one in 10 people were found to have traces of class a drugs on their fingers by scientists developing a new fingerprint-based drug test .
lpl financial ' s jeffrey kleintop pointed us this . the cost of the classic thanksgiving day dinner for 10 people has fallen to $ 49.04 this year , down from $ 49.48 in 2012. story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . good news ! from the afbf ' s release : the afbf survey shopping list includes turkey , bread stuffing , sweet potatoes , rolls with butter , peas , cranberries , a relish tray of carrots and celery , pumpkin pie with whipped cream , and beverages of coffee and milk , all in quantities sufficient to serve a family of 10.
" in reality they walked in that gate right there just story_separator_special_tag the hermeler twins ' interest in columbine high school grew from their experience as victims of bullying , as suggested by their phone calls and 11-year-old letters to a columbine survivor . you felt like everyone hates you . at the time , the twins were 18 years old . why the women decided to commit suicide together at the family shooting center remains a mystery , and so far the surviving twin has refused to discuss the reason with investigators . sincerely , kristin . " it never goes away , " judy brown said .
“either he is completely callous in attacking u.s. intelligence , or he is so ignorant of history that you would never want this man to be president. wsj ’ s jason bellini breaks down what we know about the material and the person behind it . putin story_separator_special_tag democrats have resisted openly questioning donald trump ’ s legitimacy as the next president — despite vladimir putin ’ s efforts to get him elected , now acknowledged by trump himself . ” jonathan a. photo : getty . simpson hired mr. goldstein said . the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
you get what ’ s coming to you . ” “this has to stop , and unfortunately , a lot of the liberals , who are my tribe — i am a proud liberal , ” maher said . “that is mainstream in the muslim world . , abc ' s late-night talk show , well known for its huge viral video successes , with 8.6 billion views and 12.4 million subscribers on the show ' s youtube channel . he praised the murdered editors , writers , and cartoonists of the satirical magazine charlie hebdo for their bravery in lampooning muslims in the face of death threats and even the november 2011 firebombing of their
" the reasons behind the injures were that some of the passengers had not had their seatbelts fastened , " aeroflot said in a statement . what is clear air turbulence ? three people needed surgery , two for multiple leg fractures and one for broken ribs , he said . facebook twitter pinterest passengers lying on floor after aeroflot flight encountered severe turbulence . it is caused when masses of air moving at different speeds meet , and can ' t be identified by the naked eye or conventional radar . denis antonyuk , an official at russia ’ s embassy in bangkok said 24 russian nationals and three thai citizens were injured on flight su270 .
" we ' re told she ' s been drinking a lot and drugs are also involved.we ' re told miley was on meds because she got sick from being extremely worn down.everything ' s connected to everything.we reached out to miley ' s rep ... " i hate this . maybe the whole thing will turn her off of tongues forever . what next ? ! ! therefore im not going 2 make it 2 st louis . moonie , yorkie mix , recently rehomed . so far no word back . #wherestheappletv . but my precious baby floyd has passed away ๐��ฟ๐� ’ ” i am broken pic.twitter.com/qbpujurnuj โ€ ” miley ray
white white female in her 50s ; retired nurse . juror no . " perry recalled how the crowd outside the orange county courthouse reacted to the july verdict , holding signs that said , " arrest the jury , " and " somewhere a village is missing 12 idiots . 1 joan g. 2 raymond l. screen black male in his mid-30s ; an information-technology worker . he has two children . 4 linda f. 5 harriet b. 6 brian p. 10 ronald h. 11 david w. 7 kimberly a. 8 kathleen a.
she said she believed her former boyfriend was not involved , and added , “he would never hurt a kid. " oh . investigators from the new york police department ’ s 52nd precinct , in the bronx , were at the building , trying to determine what had occurred . just broke my heart , " a neighbor said . " i know him for 10 years . realty corp. ms. a crime scene unit van idled in front , and detectives walked briskly up and down the block . he ' s a very good father , he comes from a good home , his parents are very good parents .
last friday , wiens was awarded one million miles for a remote code execution vulnerability , united ’ s highest payout and the first of its kind ; united ’ s bug bounty is the first for a major airline . we believe that this program will further bolster our security and allow us to continue to provide excellent service . the amounts paid by other bounty programs can vary between $ 500 and $ 250,000 . what flaw did wiens discover ? wow ! very cool . united issued an unusual call to ethical hackers a few months ago .
the aclj filed a lawsuit last monday on behalf of jenkins . " i understand that religion is a major part of your life and that was evident in your recommendation letters , however , this field is not the place for religion , " wrote program director adrienne dougherty . " it ' s every bit as unlawful as singling out his race , or singling out his gender . " but according to aclj , a washington , d.c.â€ “based organization that focuses on defending constitutional and human rights laws worldwide , this was the only time jenkins commented on his belief in god .
jordan keeps a pouch of dog food with him as he guides the dog . to show off bear ’ s skills thursday , jordan hid electronic devices throughout a room and put bear to work . in less than ten minutes , the dog found a small memory card in a book bag , a flash drive in a box , and an ipad in a filing cabinet . “it ’ ll be bittersweet , ” he said . " good boy ! story_separator_special_tag anderson , ind . ( wish ) — investigators analyzed thousands of text messages , emails , pictures and videos to bust jared fogle and russell taylor .
27 poll . the dip follows criticism of trump for comments he made in the aftermath of the nov. ” but his hold on iowa and nevada is more tenuous , according to insiders who note those states ’ caucuses require significant organizational muscle to produce a win . 11 , 2001 attacks on the united states , he watched on television as " thousands and thousands " of people in new jersey cheered while the world trade center fell . that prediction came even before a quinnipiac university poll this week showed the texan running neck and neck with trump .
what ’ s more , there ’ s more than a three-year supply of champagne in producers ’ vats , waiting to be bottled . french champagne sales fell 2 percent in 2011 , including an 8 percent year-on-year drop during the christmas and new year holiday season . yields are also down in italy and england . “this is the lowest harvest in at least 40 years , ” the agriculture ministry said in reporting the figures on nov. unhappily for french producers , they have another problem . hail to the bubbly ! major producers such as lvmh moët hennessy louis vuitton ( lvmuy ) — whose champagne brands include moët &amp; chandon , krug , and veuve — have cushioned themselves against the downturn by exporting .
related : read the entire inspector general ' s report ( pdf ) the report discloses an email in which ed lowery , the agency ' s assistant director for training , wrote that " some information that he might be find embarrassing needs to story_separator_special_tag an assistant director of the secret service urged that unflattering information the agency had in its files about a congressman ­critical of the service should be made public , according to a government watchdog report released wednesday . i remain undeterred in conducting proper and rigorous oversight . if they would do this to me , i just , i shuddered to think what they might be doing to other people , " he said .
" it ’ s very exciting. a team of researchers , led by the british antarctic survey , is heading to antarctica this week to investigate a mysterious marine ecosystem that ’ s been hidden underneath an antarctic ice shelf for tens of thousands of years . the break reduced larsen-c to its smallest size in recorded history . but it ’ s necessary work . today ( feb. temperatures average around 15 ° f ( -9 ° c ) , and the water is filled with huge chunks of ice . ” he said climate change had already affected the seas
arias ' boss " scolded " her for uninstalling the app shortly after being required to use it , according to the suit . intermex did not immediately respond for comment . cost streetsmart is offered on a monthly basis for roughly $ 1 a day per user . myrna arias sued intermex wire transfer llc in kern county superior court on may 5. stubits replied that she should tolerate the illegal intrusion … .. in theory , you know you need to deliver great service to keep and grow your customer base . she was still working for rival netspend corporation when she was hired .
in doing so , i have concluded that the right thing to do is to support marriage equality for all . ) and joe donnelly ( d-ind . same-sex marriage constitutes a very interesting data set for students of the congress . one of these is simply sens . landrieu and pryor face re-election in 2014 in southern red states . the makeup of families is changing , but the importance of family is enduring . ( more specifically , i created a data point for every active senator in every year — so , for instance , senator lauch faircloth of north carolina in 1998 is one data point , and senator sherrod brown of ohio in 2010 is another.
don ' t send me up the river , yet , " he said on a defiant wesley snipes sat down with larry king on tuesday night to talk about his tax-related conviction and his three-year jail sentence , which is due to begin later this week . he can spend just $ 290 a month at the prison commissary . the most jarring aspect of the celebrity ' s stay might be the five daily head counts , three during the overnight hours . ( associated press ) the prison camp in lewis run in northwestern pennsylvania pales by comparison , but is still worlds away from the harsh prison fortresses depicted in the snipes films " undisputed " and " brooklyn ' s finest .
, ' " roberts , 52 , said in the show ' s open . nor could anyone at abc think of any precedents for a leave like hers . she beamed with pride and gratitude as she returned to the broadcast , defying the expectations of some in the television industry who had predicted she would be unwilling or unable to anchor again . roberts and her doctors – dr. most of all it closed a chapter in a story that started almost exactly one year ago , when ms. how do you feel ? roberts felt exhausted while covering the 2012 academy awards in los angeles for abc .
in willow ' s case , the right side of her heart was also weakened . wilson school district superintendent curtis baker , in a robo call message , asked district parents to include the short family in their prayers , saying the tragic event has shaken the wilson family . short cannot order a refill until her monthly supply is three-quarters gone . he said counselors were made available from 2 to 4 p.m. sunday . read that story here . ms. about a week ago , short posted on facebook that she needed a few people to help her move from her brookfield story_separator_special_tag sinking spring , pa.
of the more than 100 abused children identified in operation sunflower , 44 were directly rescued from their abusers and 79 were identified as being exploited by others outside their homes or are now adults who were victimized as children . he was boarding a flight to manila , philippines . " forensic analysis technology has become critical in the fight against child exploitation , " morton said . of the 123 victims , 110 lived in the united states in 19 different states . advertisement one of the suspects is michael lindsay , 53 , of san jose , arrested nov.
internet phenomenon ken bone : debate ' got very uncomfortable from up close ' from where he sat in his now internet-famous red sweater , undecided voter and debate attendee ken bone said sunday night ’ s matchup “almost felt like watching mom and dad fight. not a single luxury . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ” “i don ’ t think that will factor into my decision because i really try to stick to the issues . venerable american brand jcpenney has this snappy izod number on clearance . ? here are a few options .
natural population story_separator_special_tag abstract the oft-repeated claim that earth ’ s biota is entering a sixth “mass extinction ” depends on clearly demonstrating that current extinction rates are far above the “background ” rates prevailing between the five previous mass extinctions . humans have created a toxic mix of habitat loss , pollution and climate change , which has already led to the loss of at least 77 species of mammals , 140 types of bird since and 34 amphibians since 1500. we assess , using extremely conservative assumptions , whether human activities are causing a mass extinction .
no one was injured in either explosion , and damage to each church was " relatively minor , " according to a statement from the las cruces police department . holy cross catholic church said activities at their adjoining school would be canceled monday morning . the explosion at holy cross took place in a trash can just outside the entrance of the church as services for the 8 a.m. mass were taking place . miranda , about a half hour later . " ann marie sullivan , a college student and lifelong parishioner at holy cross , described it .
the depressed participants were more likely to post photos that include faces , but their pictures tended to have fewer faces than instagram users who weren ’ t depressed . once connected to instagram , researchers analyzed photos in two different ways : workers on mechanical turk were asked to rate images on a scale story_separator_special_tag instagram can be a good indicator of a person ’ s mental health . overall , their photos were “bluer , grayer , and darker. the computer correctly identified 70 % of the instances of depression . " thase suggested as a possible private message that could be sent to users who appeared depressed .
he also left a message that was read out after his suicide on the conservative station radio courtoisie . police confirmed the man ' s identity as dominique venner , 78 , an essayist and activist linked with france ' s far-right and nationalist group . jacquin said masses had been cancelled and that church officials would hold a vigil later on tuesday . in what appeared to be a reference to his suicide , venner wrote : " there will certainly need to be new , spectacular , symbolic gestures to shake off the sleepiness ... the bill was finally signed into law by president françois hollande on sunday .
he said it ' s a " logical conclusion to draw " that howell traveled to california to flee the child molestation investigation . under the terms of his probation , he was not allowed to have weapons or leave indiana . howell told police he was headed to a gay pride event in west hollywood that attracts hundreds of thousands of people . friends in indiana described howell as a gun enthusiast with a short temper . federal agents searched howell ' s jeffersonville home on monday but declined to release any details . a los angeles county judge set howell ' s bail at $ 2 million .
story_separator_special_tag story highlights the da says he entered the pleas a week before his scheduled trial the charges included soliciting sex from a child and soliciting child pornography ( cnn ) jeffrey sandusky , the son of convicted sex abuser and former penn state football coach jerry sandusky , pleaded guilty friday to all 14 counts of child sexual abuse against him . read more bellefonte , pa. the charges involve incidents with two girls , one in 2013 and one in 2016. sandusky , 41 , will spend up to six years in state prison , but the judge could impose a sentence of as much as eight years .
wyatt also called cosby ’ s trial that resulted in a conviction “the most racist and sexist trial in the history of the united states , ” saying that cosby was “one of the greatest civil rights leaders ” and a “great educator of men and boys. on tuesday , mr. embed more news videos first look at replacement for aging graterford prison . watch the report from chad pradelli on action news at 4 p.m. on september 25 , 2018. judge steven t. " the long term goal is for him to be placed in the general population to receive the programming required during his incarceration .
produce past its prime is chopped up for the salad bar ; meat that ' s overdue for sale is cooked up and sold hot . " rotisserie chickens aren ' t even the end of the line . and the vendor of one of the leading commercial rotisserie ovens offers , as a complement to its wares , " culinary support " that , among other things , aims to " develop programs to minimize food shrinkage and waste " and " improve production planning to optimize the amount of fresh food that is available during both peak and down times .
“the source stated fake syrian passports can be obtained in syria for $ 200 to " ( reporting by eric walsh ; editing by sandra maler ) story_separator_special_tag story highlights the report warned that isis has access to passport printing machines and blank passport books ice issued the warning in recent weeks to u.s. law enforcement washington ( cnn ) a new intelligence report shared with law enforcement warns of isis ' ability to create passports utilizing seized syrian government assets , according to a law enforcement official with direct knowledge of the intelligence report ' s contents .
the french laundry in yountville . vivant 2007 2 romanée-conti domaine de la romanee st. retail prices , of course , are only a fraction of what the wines would sell for on a restaurant wine list . french laundry door the french laundry the splintered door to the wine room at the french laundry . thomas keller tweeted out an abbreviated version as well . : in total , 76 bottles have been reported missing . “please contact media@tkrg.com with any information. this post will be updated accordingly . another is its east coast sibling , per se .
police in northern ireland arrested ... ( associated press ) a woman and child make their way past a newly painted mural of gerry adams on the falls road , west belfast , northern ireland , friday , may , 2 2014. the sinn féin leader said police had conducted 33 taped interviews and detectives had presented him with old photographs of himself and deputy first minister martin mcguinness and with interviews conducted by people who were " enemies of the peace process " . the ira is gone . mrs mcconville ' s son said the family ' s fight for justice would continue .
” on tuesday night , mr. ) and ted cruz rafael ( ted ) edward cruzwhat a year it ’ s been : a month-by-month look back at 2018 ' s biggest stories o ' rourke rips trump ' s border wall in video : ' a symbol of division ' bloomberg ready to spend at least 0m if he runs for white house in 2020 more ( texas ) on a night without a single standout moment &#124; ap photo jeb bush stops the bleeding his supporters say they were reassured by his performance .
hanks and “lucky guy , ” and a heartbreaking one . while he denied that , at 56 , he is here because his film career has cooled — “i have two movies in the can . “anytime you go off to do something new , you ’ ve involved in a reinvention , and any actor who says otherwise is just trying to lower expectations , ” said mr. " related : david mamet ' s ' the anarchist ' : what did the critics think ? the sharp-elbowed mcalary hanks is less hesitant .
" no foreign involvement in the afghan peace talks is acceptable . he proposed that it be set up in saudi arabia or in turkey if the insurgent movement did not want to establish it in afghanistan . u.s. officials have held about half a dozen meetings with their insurgent contacts , mostly in germany and doha with representatives of mullah omar , leader of the taliban ' s quetta shura , this year to prepare the way for face-to-face talks between the group and the afghan government . mohammad zahir azimi . 20. meanwhile , a gunman wearing an afghan army uniform opened fire on coalition troops in western afghanistan , military authorities said monday .
for that second crop , he bought seeds from a grain elevator filled with a mix of seeds in the reasonable hope that many of them contained monsanto ’ s patented roundup ready gene . the entrance to the monsanto company , headquartered in st. farmers must pay monsanto ' s price to plant the beans themselves . bowman had been too clever for his own good . but mr. louis , is seen in 2005 . " the undiluted patent monopoly , it might be said , would extend not for 20 years as the patent act promises , but for only one transaction .
category ( “in� ? in status updates . people with more friends tend to use more of the pronoun “you� ? a few other categories have nonzero word counts.﻿ ﻿ age and popularity the charts below show the correlations between use of words from a given word category and age/friend count of the user . , when references to leisure activities begin to spike . , “for�? and “missed� ? , “since�? , “my�? the different ways people use status updates form some interesting patterns . ) , 11 % into the “past tense verbs� ?
one day ahead of the opening ceremony of the 2014 winter olympics in sochi , russia , google has made a strong pro-lgbt statement with its latest homepage google doodle , which appears on every country ' s version of google , including the russian homepage . the u.s.-based human rights campaign has been putting pressure on them to speak out . even google.ru is getting the message : clicking the image takes you to the search result of " olympic charter . olympic brands have been slow to show their support for the gay community , but at&t and american apparel waded into the debate this week .
“he was just full of joy , ” bahret said . ’ and i was like , ‘yeah , that sounds great , ’ ” bahret said . the occupants of the pathfinder were transported to area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. ” bahret said she will hang on to the good times but the past two weeks haven ' t been easy since losing mackean . ” norwood was the only non-forsyth resident involved in the crash . always laughing. 12. - a grieving mother says she came across a wreck not knowing her teenage son was killed .
story_separator_special_tag beijing ( ap ) — police in southwestern china arrested 10 people for killing a female wild giant panda and buying and selling its parts , state media said wednesday . authorities told the official xinhua news agency that one suspect , identified by his family name of wang , set up a trap after he found his sheep had been killed by wild animals in december . however , netease user xiazi said : “without the existence of buyers there would not be this killing. hydropower plants , roads , and mining projects disrupt the animal ' s natural habitat .
pass it on : some traits of an individual ' s personality can be assessed through smell , preliminary research suggests . the researchers were planning more studies to confirm the results , the website said . people who are high in dominance may have higher levels of testosterone , which in turn may modify their sweat glands , the researchers said . personality smells sorokowska and colleagues asked 30 men and 30 women to don white cotton t-shirts for three consecutive nights . getting to know someone usually requires at least a little conversation . participants also took a personality test .
according to genius , taylor swift ' s new single is called " timeless " . after taylor returned to social media with a video of some sort of serpent , joseph replied with a smiley face . the phrase is mainly used in the form of emoji and comment spamming on her instagram account . ! ! do not tell me that someone as lindsay zoladz : look , it ’ s a snake . or , seriously , is this just a cry for help ? story_separator_special_tag christopher polk/getty images no longer a blank space . the ringer staff launched into full conspiracy mode and put forth their most viable theories .
' it ' ll make it more special , " says howard teman , owner of t-man tattoo on ventura boulevard , which is expected to clog during the 405 closure . the ensuing snarl will effectively cut off the san fernando valley in the north from shoreline communities like santa monica and venice . " he ' s not only hoping to attract people who live in his neighborhood , but also those stuck in the anticipated traffic crawl outside his location . go on vacation that weekend . mr. wsj ' s tammy audi takes a ride with briles wing &amp; helicopter .
: thousands of protesters have gathered in and around foley square , and next on the agenda is a giant march to the brooklyn bridge , which will cap off today ' s action-packed two-month anniversary of the protest ' s beginning . " among the arrested demonstrators was city councilman jumaane williams . we are winning . at 7 a.m. check out the video here . ten were injured in the process , including one with a head wound . from the heart ... mary altaffer/associated press guards try to wake a man sleeping in zuccotti park on wednesday .
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . “but it ’ s very rare for them to attack , ” ward said . story_separator_special_tag a man who was camping at little harbor campground on catalina island was injured after being gored by a bison the afternoon of saturday , feb. 17 , police said . ” the nature and extent of the man ’ s injuries were not immediately known . “when the man saw that the ( animal ) was getting closer to him , he got up and tried to move away , ” he said .
associated press a judge in north carolina is determining whether to grant a new trial in the murder of michael jordan ' s father , james , per michael gordon and mark washburn of the charlotte observer . a former newspaper editor from robeson county , north carolina , also signed a sworn affidavit in which she described an admission by demery that he committed the murder . story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . however , green ' s attorneys , scott holmes and ian mance , contend demery pulled the trigger and that their client wasn ' t at the scene at the time of the murder .
" sementilli was continuously available to share advice and direction to the thousands of salon professionals he touched on a daily basis . the company said in a statement that he was an icon in the industry . his favorite quote was his own : “being a leader is not about age ; instead , it ’ s all about attitude toward others. fabio sementilli , 49 , was found dead around 5 p.m. monday on the back patio of his home in the 5000 block of queen victoria road . arrests have been made . excuse my french , he gave a ( expletive ) .
chafee got out of the race . chafee is a former governor and senator from rhode island and his poll numbers have been hovering around zero and he has only raised about $ 30,000 in his campaign . " read more i would like to take this opportunity one last time to advocate for a chance be given to peace . #chafee2016 — lincoln chafee ( @lincolnchafee ) october 23 , 2015 mr. chafee ’ s plans . " obviously it was a good week for secretary clinton , " chafee told reporters after his speech .
biden and ryan ' s debate follows the top of the tickets ' first of three debates last week , in which obama turned in a lackluster performance , upstaged by an aggressive and vibrant romney . here are five things to watch for on thursday night : 1. the worst case scenario for each ? a clear loss . story_separator_special_tag danville , ky. web users can become video editors with a new clip-and-share feature that allows them to share favorite debate moments on facebook and twitter . text size - + reset biden — for whom expectations have been lowered over the constant refrain of “what about your gaffes ?
on a bleak february day in 1944 , a french gendarme snatched a pair of dolls from two jewish sisters about to be deported to auschwitz , and flung them to the ground . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . denise and micheline lévy , aged 10 and 9 when the gendarme bundled them out of their school in the eastern french village of gemeaux , never returned . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
during their season-opener against fresno state , nebraska honored its late punter , sam foltz , who was killed in a car crash in july . foltz was the big ten punter of the year last season and led the conference with 44.2 yards per punt . [ btn ] after about a minute , they punted the ball away . he was on the ray guy watch list for best punter in the nation this season . on a 4th-and-4 early in the game , the team came out with 10 men , in punt formation , without a punter .
usa today show dogs production company announced tuesday that it is re-cutting the movie after parents said it showed sexual abuse . " one of film ' s main writers , max botkin , meanwhile , denies writing the scenes in question . what ? read about that here . i ' m happy and proud to say that show dogs is being recut based on audience concerns and in theaters this weekend in a family-safe version . " global road entertainment and the filmmakers are saddened and apologize to any parent who feels the scene sends a message other than a comedic moment in the film , with no hidden or ulterior meaning , but respect their right to react to any piece of content .
and that he has his characters calling iraqis ' savages ' throughout the film . i never story_separator_special_tag add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . my uncle killed by sniper in ww2 . moore later took to social media to walk back his original post , arguing his tweets were not about chris kyle or " american sniper , " but instead only about his uncle ' s death . ... it landed six oscar nominations thursday , including best picture and best actor for cooper . hmm .
photos : russell armstrong and taylor armstrong in happier times “he was down in the dumps over the latest allegations that he had abused taylor . did his participation in ' the real housewives of beverly hills ' contribute to his death ? but an autopsy will be done within two days . toxicology results are pending , the spokesman said . the couple ’ s relationship fell apart on camera . the news was first reported by tmz . ” the insider also tells radaronline.com i told him people don ’ t believe everything they read and he told me ; ‘it ’ s funny how a reality show can ruin your entire life .
higher levels of another metabolite , 3-pba , in the children ’ s urine was linked with a higher risk of externalizing behaviors . however , pyrethroids are “the main recommended treatments for lice , ” he adds . story_separator_special_tag a disturbing new study has linked a common chemical found in head lice treatments to behavioral difficulties in children . lice are parasites that live in human hair , eyelashes , and eyebrows and feed on the blood of their host , and they ’ re not easy pests to get rid of . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites .
laura crotty alexander led a study that found the superbug mrsa becomes more resistant when exposed to electronic cigarette vapors . — hayne palmour iv cigarette smoke exposure stresses mrsa , causing it to alter its cell walls to repel toxic substances , crotty alexander said . crotty alexander is senior author of the paper , published monday in the journal infection and immunity . crotty alexander , a pulmonologist at ucsd and the veterans affairs san diego healthcare system . mrsa divides about every 30 minutes under ideal conditions . this enhances survival against reactive oxygen species , which macrophages generate to kill pathogens .
i saw the baby after they had pulled it out of the trash can and the fire department got here and i saw that the baby was moving . a judge said she set her bond at $ 125,000 . by monday night , he was reported to be stable . sharon lenise ferguson of greenville , s.c. greenville police spokesman johnathan bragg said the owner of the rental home was doing maintenance when he noticed blood outside the trash can . she then put the child into a trash can in the backyard and willfully abandoned him .
and , uh , don ’ t pray for the death of the sitting president of the united states . let his posterity be cut off ; in a following generation let their name be blotted out . with a smirk , perdue said , “we should pray like psalms 109 : 8 says . if you want a friend in washington , get a dog . 10. 11. 12. 13. he in no way wishes harm towards our president and everyone in the room understood that . ' ” the large crowd laughed .
for technical , privacy and other reasons , archived websites may not be exact copies of the original website at the time of the web crawl . christie ' s inner circle . operatives familiar ... mr. dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . the content of these sites are primarily general interest or multi-issue ; similar single issue sites are usually found in the other topically based web archives created by the tamiment library . christie attended an event honoring the new jersey national guard sunday afternoon but didn ' t respond to shouted questions from reporters about his intentions .
i used to play cards with salah too , he was often at the cafe . but he stopped drinking alcohol in the last year . yet time and again , investigations after attacks like those that killed 129 people in paris have uncovered tales of workaday arab immigrant lives , assimilated to the profane daily cares and pleasures of european cities , that have turned , unseen to family and friends , into explosions of pious , suicidal fanaticism . " we talked about the everyday . ... there is some mastermind behind it all . i think they were indoctrinated .
seven senate democrats have backed a bill that would require insurers to offer the cancelled plans . during story_separator_special_tag four republicans voted no on the bill . “we knew this was a promise [ obama ] could not keep , and now it is a promise he has broken , ” house majority leader eric cantor ( r-va. the legislation approved by the house would go further than the fix announced on thursday by mr. ) said in floor remarks . bruce braley of iowa , ron kind of wisconsin , ami bera of california , nick rahall
the app center is available on mobile via the facebook apps for ios and android , or by accessing facebook.com on mobile . let ' s take a look at how it all works . stats : story_separator_special_tag facebook has launched an app store , similar to that for the apple iphone , in a bid to turn the social network into a key entertainment platform online . here ' s what you can expect to see . rather , it ' s a hub for discovering new and interesting apps based on your facebook activity and your friends ' activity .
police arrested six students from the prestigious private all-boys catholic school and charged them with sexual assault related to a video that was posted on the internet . article continued below as the graphic allegations were read out in a small toronto courtroom monday afternoon , some of the parents of the accused teens began crying . it shows a young boy in his underwear — he appears not to be physically injured — placed in a large sink by ( christopher katsarov/the ... two shook their heads at certain points . michael ’ s college school . st.
it culminated a roller-coaster week in which the jets beat the bengals in the season finale , 37-0 , and grew angrier by the day as they heard " excuses " coming from the bengals ' camp . maybe it ' s time to believe . thanks for your … continue reading → they won it because they sensed everybody thought they couldn ' t . " there is no ceiling for us , " said jets linebacker calvin pace . ryan , his eyes red , looked as if he had been crying . and two incompletions came on drops , including a killer by braylon edwards on what should have been a 41-yard touchdown .
your families face a crisis , a crisis you did not create and could not have prevented , " snyder said . provisions in the budget recommendation have also been made to replace water supply pipes and fixtures in flint schools and to fund specialized staff locally in flint for follow-up care for affected residents . 1 , 2015 , when testing by state environmental officials confirmed elevated levels " no citizen of this great state should endure this kind of catastrophe . you deserve to know that the buck stops here with me . michigan gov . on jan.
police summoned hani , mirna ' s other friend who was with mirna at the time of her death , as a witness on monday . " jessica ' s statements came amid mounting suspicions about her possible involvement . investigators had collected four items of evidence out of five required to name a suspect in a case according to the criminal code , he said . “she is not afraid . " i suffer from a stomach disorder and the coffee is too strong , thus i did not taste it , " jessica said after wednesday ' s questioning .
ignazio ingrao , the vatican expert for the newsweekly panorama , said that at the beginning cardinals voted for a number of individuals as a “courtesy vote. another source of surprise was bergoglio ’ s age , 76. almost no one predicted that bergoglio would be elected to replace pope benedict xvi , who resigned last month . " we did not go in with our minds blank . while cardinal bertone failed to give him support , cardinal scola certainly had his share of believers in the italian bishops conference — it sent out a message congratulating him on becoming pope 20 minutes after francis was named .
weiner . andrew breitbart appeared on the opie and anthony show on sirius radio this morning in the latest stop on his “i told you so ” tour and showed the hosts , anthony cumia and gregg “opie ” hughes a picture that he said he wouldn ’ t release ; a fully uncensored photo that purports to be of weiner ’ s genitals . saving ... why not tell some other friends ? oops . story_separator_special_tag what we can only assume is the worst couple of weeks in rep. after all , everyone ’ s basically already seen weiner ’ s penis albeit covered by underwear .
police said sunday afternoon that the identity of the body has not been confirmed , but they believe it ’ s jacob goulet , 16. in nashua during the downpours friday evening . get fast forward in your inbox : forget yesterday ' s news . , a massachusetts state police helicopter spotted what appeared to be a body in the merrimack river in tyngsboro . sign up thank you for signing up ! goulet is 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighs around 200 pounds . he ’ s a good kid . maybe we ’ ll see him , we ’ ll hear him .
obama and mr. that would be a gesture to the world that his government will abide by international laws against chemical weapons use . — mike doran ( @doranimated ) september 10 , 2013 #7 &#124; ” white house officials said it was worth taking a “hard look ” at . obama wants to deliver , without the likelihood of more civilian casualties . otherwise he ' d have to do something about it - which he can ' t do , b/c he lost the vote . key quote : " obama now needs assad and putin .
john said . , when she went to her car in her front yard . a k9 unit and air surveillance joined the search for st. " those persons of interest have been cooperative and submitted dna samples to investigators , sampson said . the mom was last heard from around 7 : 30 a.m. anyone with information was asked to story_separator_special_tag please enable javascript to watch this video middlesex county , va. 37.604011 -76.525701 our community works together . " we ' ve contacted family and friends . " my granddaughter is three and my grandson is one , ” said terry .
the u.n. human rights chief on tuesday described the bombing outside the prophet mohammed ’ s mosque in medina as “an attack on islam itself ” and many muslims expressed shock that their second-holiest site had been targeted . " it sounded like a building imploded . several cars caught fire . islamic state says the saudi rulers are apostates and has declared its intention to topple them . the interior ministry could not immediately be reached for comment . saudis were rattled by the rare , high-profile attack . of our dear youth , ” salman , 80 , said .
the philadelphia citizen , which sounds like a newspaper but is more of an online presence , says it will pay $ 10,000 to a single philadelphia voter , to be chosen by chance . that was the race that brought to city hall the most-loved-most-hated philly politician of the last century , frank rizzo . barely one in four voters took part in the may 19 mayoral primary . randomly selected . seriously . ( oh , we of such low expectations. " desperate times require desperate measures , and this is certainly the case , " katz said at a love park event announcing what promoters billed as a lottery .
peggy frank , 63 , was sitting in her mail truck in the woodland hills area when she was found unresponsive by a neighbor , a spokesperson for the los angeles county department of the medical examiner-coroner ’ s office told people . paramedics attempted to revive her without success , winter said . it ’ s unclear whether the heat lead to her death . “the unfortunate incident involving this employee remains under investigation . ( the national weather service has kept records there since 1949 , according to keily delerme , a nws meteorologist. ” frank had suffered heat stroke last year during the scorching summer months , calkins added .
an anti-terror task force of fbi agents and boston police , faced with an imminent threat , confronted rahim on a sidewalk and fatally shot him when he refused to drop his knife , authorities said . wright was ordered held ... " it ' s striking . " they targeted me for violating sharia blasphemy laws . a detention hearing was scheduled for june 19 after prosecutors said he was a flight risk . will we stand against this savagery or bow down to them and silence ourselves ? she ' s president of the american freedom defense initiative , which includes subsidiary programs stop islamization of america and stop islamization of nations .
reuters/rebecca cook/file photo ( reuters ) - general motors co ( gm.n ) is recalling 1.205 million pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles worldwide due to issues with a temporary loss of power steering , the no.1 u.s. automaker said on thursday . the recall covers certain 2015 chevrolet , gmc and cadillac pickup trucks and suvs , and includes about 1.02 million vehicles in the united states . is recalling more than one million late-model pickup trucks and large sport-utility vehicles in the u.s. for a steering defect , the latest example of a problem generated by the industry ’ s growing use of software to control a car ’ s mechanical functions .
she told washington in february that south korean officials believe that the right business deals would “help salve ” china ’ s “concerns about living with a reunified korea ” that is in a “benign alliance ” with the united states . the google hacking was part on its twitter feed wikileaks said : " we are currently under a mass distributed denial of service attack . massoud denies taking any money out of afghanistan. spain ' s el pais , france ' s le monde , germany ' s der speigel , the guardian .
extent of surface melt over greenland ’ s ice sheet on july 8 ( left ) and july 12 ( right ) based on data from three satellites . " i think it ' s fair to say that this is unprecedented , " jay zwally , a glaciologist at nasa ' s goddard space flight center , told the guardian . credit : nicolo e. signs of the glacier has shrunk significantly in recent years . the greenland ice sheet melted at a faster rate this month than at any other time in recorded history , with virtually the entire ice sheet showing signs of thaw .
early in human history , awe was reserved for feelings toward divine beings – e.g. the researchers found that the effects that awe has on decision-making and well-being can be explained by awe ’ s ability to actually change our subjective experience of time by story_separator_special_tag opinions dacher keltner professor of psychology at the university of california . let me add one more to your list : seek more daily awe . conversely , positive feelings have been shown to be good for you . dark moods are bad for your health . the students then supplied saliva samples , which were analyzed for interleukin-6 , a molecule known to promote inflammation throughout the body .
hide caption 4 of 5 photos : photos : ups cargo plane crash ups cargo plane crash – debris burns in front of the crash site . to birmingham . that field is now owned by the airport . we ' ll continue to update this story as information is confirmed . ntsb investigators have yet to retrieve the cockpit and voice recorders of the plane because the wreckage is still smoldering , sumwalt said . few other details were immediately available . wsmv was tipped that there was a meeting of employees at the jack daniels distillery in tenn.
he was on his way to stardom . i ' m 99.9 percent sure that it wasn ' t an accident or a suicide . " lorraine fuller , who was 79 when she died of a heart attack in 1989 , was staying with her sons in hollywood at the time bobby fuller died . " he would never have done that to my mother . he was polite and gentlemanly , and the girls loved him . ... " he seldom even drank . " crosby agrees . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites .
it ' s going to fill that void , " he said . last year learned about a son he never met after finding a letter his wife hid for decades . " childress said that his mother told him that she had sent the letter , but figured his father was ignoring him . what i ' m trying to say tony is he is your son . click here to watch video . p.s . the two of them , meanwhile , were unable to have their own children . he was born november 13th , 1953 .
michael is a site reliability engineer on leave from google . gershman is working with cgi federal , the site ' s largest contractor , " to improve healthcare.gov ' s performance , and helping the development process be more agile so healthcare.gov can release improvements more rapidly , " bataille wrote . this post is no longer accepting comments . his participation does not mean his employer is involved with the effort . they come from leading technology companies such as red hat and oracle ; and include individuals with expertise on site reliability ; stability ; and scalability .
please confirm that you wish to view this video . there are opening and closing credits — it ' s important to know that the video was written by gaga and director jonas åkerlund , after all — elaborate , over-the-top ( or barely there ) costumes , and a whole lot of celebrity cameos . viewer discretion is advised . they then go screaming off into the desert . gibson smothers his breakfast in the stuff and dies . this video requires that you log in to verify your age . gaga is then bailed out , but not before she busts a michael jackson shuffle while one of the guards surfs around on the dating site plentyoffish.com ( a scene which isn ' t even the strangest example of product placement in this video ) .
mr. strauss-kahn . " meanwhile , a french lawyer for mr. strauss-kahn of attempted rape . strauss-kahn filed a letter with the office of court administration on monday saying both sides had agreed to the delay " to facilitate both parties continued investigation in this matter , " the letter said . copyright © 2011 euronews ms. strauss-kahn . it is the first step in the preliminary inquiry sparked after tristane banon made the allegation last week . strauss-kahn has pleaded not guilty to charges that he sexually assaulted a maid at the sofitel hotel in manhattan in may .
however , he said odolecki was standing on the sidewalk , and there was no active investigation , just a drunken-driving checkpoint . " mr. it ' s the part of the sign that instructed drivers to turn that the officers had an issue with , " gold said . ” his attorney said he decided to take the case because he supports the police accountability activist movement . see 20 seconds to 2 : 40 and 14 : 39 to 16 minutes . a bill is pending in the state house of representatives to allow drivers to legally warn others of upcoming checkpoints by flashing their headlights .
“yes , valentine ’ s day ’ s covered at my house. sheriff scott berry in oconee county announced he was canceling the holiday after an ice storm slammed georgia on wednesday . “we ’ ve got to give these guys a chance , ” he said . “men who live in the designated ‘no valentines day zone ’ are exempt from having to run out and buy lottery scratchers and hershey bars from the corner stores until february 18 , 2014 , due to ice , snow , freezing rain. ” berry ’ s facebook post was shared more than 1,500 times .
dong said earlier that he was not looking for any investors and would not sell the game . flappy bird caused a sensation after rising from obscurity to become one of the most downloaded mobile games on both apple and google ' s online stores . " i doubt he needs to fund raise as he ' s already earned a certain amount of money and he doesn ' t need more help to make — dong nguyen ( @dongatory ) february 8 , 2014 press people are overrating the success of my games . please give me peace .
” moments later , after she pours a bucket of ice water on top of her husband , the former first lady said " that check is from me . bush ' s chilly dunking was arranged , in part , by his daughter jenna bush hager , an nbc " today " show correspondent . bush took the ice bucket challenge , and is now challenging his predecessor in the white house to follow in his footsteps . story_separator_special_tag 1 year ago ( cnn ) - former president george w. tell us about it on our facebook page .
nivaldo said he had tried to call his teammates and other club staff who were on the plane but that nobody picked up the phone . reuters confirmed the audio message , which local media played on wednesday , was from upegui . after reporting being low on fuel , the lamia pilot then said he was experiencing electrical difficulties before the radio went silent . the wife of one brazilian survivor has used instagram to express her relief . ( associated press ) medellin , colombia ( ap ) — a chartered plane with a brazilian first division soccer team crashed near medellin while on its way to the finals of a regional tournament , killing 76 people , colombian officials said tuesday .
published on mar 5 , 2018 passengers on board a united flight had to step in and restrain a woman who tried to open the plane door and was ranting about god . subscribe to the " cbs evening news " channel here : http://bit.ly/1s7dhik watch full episodes of the " cbs evening news " here : http://cbsn.ws/23xekka watch the latest installment of " on the road , " only on the " cbs evening news , " here : http://cbsn.ws/23xwqmh follow " cbs evening news " on instagram : http://bit.ly/1t8icto like " cbs evening news " on facebook here : http://on.fb.me/1kxyobb follow the " cbs evening news " on twitter here : http://bit.ly/1o3dtte follow the " cbs evening news " on google+ here : http://bit.ly/1qs0aam get your news on the go !
the video ' s circulation was quickly followed by condemnation and pledges from the defense department to determine its authenticity and the attorney general ' s office to investigate the may 3 events in the town of palmarito . puebla state officials later said three more attackers had also died . two soldiers were killed and a third wounded . he gave only his first name , joaquin , saying he feared repercussions if his identity was revealed . fuel theft has long plagued mexico , but is generating more violence lately as federal authorities crack down . reinforcements of 1,000 soldiers and police were sent in and hours later another patrol was ambushed .
" the mosquito lives and breeds very close to humans — so they live in and around the home , " parry said . he also suggested that his method is better for people , too . the altered flies are implanted with a gene that causes female offspring to die in the larval stage . the aim : to run local mosquitoes that transmit dengue out of town . but in brazil , a similar experiment is well under way in the wild . does controlling populations through genetic tweaking sound safe to you ? however , opponents , such as genewatch
what ' s in a shape ? in 2016 , a lower eu court decided that nestlé had to prove a kit kat was recognisable in every eu country - and no evidence had been provided for belgium , ireland , greece and portugal . ” . the european court of justice has thrown out an appeal by the chocolate bar ' s maker , nestlé , which argued that it owns the shape of the teatime treat . proceedings have been followed closely by trademark lawyers , who see implications for brands operating across the eu single market , where there are varying histories in national markets .
when she was 19 , geraldine “jerri ” kramer gave birth to a healthy , curly-haired boy on june 10 , 1963 , in indianapolis , but was forced by her parents and her priest to give him up , she told abc news today . " i named him after my father . " we have joined and searched adoption registries , " the siblings wrote . related image expand / contract kramer is pictured here at age 18 in 1962 . if kramer ’ s first born has not registered for mutual consent , they will not release his information unless he has died .
muller , the kidnaper , even came to huskins ’ defense , blasting police for not believing her story . the couple that police detectives wrongly accused of fabricating the woman ' s kidnapping from their ... the assailant sexually assaulted huskins and released her two days later outside her family ' s home in southern california . they were blindfolded while muller played a recorded message that made it seem as if there was more than one kidnapper . muller was arrested in an attempted robbery at another san francisco bay area home . " james m. vallejo police had apologized after discounting the outlandish kidnapping .
ali was admitted to a hospital in the us city of phoenix , arizona on thursday suffering from a respiratory illness , a condition that was complicated by parkinson ' s disease . his fight outside the ring would cost him his title and his public standing , " obama added . " he wasn ' t perfect , of course . learn more we are better for it . thank you . rip , champ . " british prime minister david cameron , musician sir paul mccartney , boxers mike tyson and floyd mayweather and golfer tiger woods also paid tribute .
a shooting in the french city of strasbourg killed at least two people ... i got close to the window . it was unclear if the market — which was the nucleus of an al-qaida-linked plot in 2000 — was targeted . they found explosive materials , he said . ' and ' put then i heard more shots , closer this time , " yoann bazard , 27 , who lives in central strasbourg . the gunman has been identified and has a criminal record , according to interior minister christophe castaner . witnesses described to the ap hearing gunshots , screams and the shouts of police officers ordering people to stay indoors before the area fell silent and the officers fanned out .
" finding no biblical authority for celebrating jesus ' birth on dec. it ' s not so much the holiday itself that bothers us . between 1659 and 1681 , christmas celebrations were outlawed in the colony , and the law declared that anyone caught " observing , by abstinence from labor , feasting or any other way any such days as christmas day , shall pay for every such offense five shillings . story_separator_special_tag complaining about christmas is one of the most enduring of christmas traditions . for a surprising number of american believers , the chief concern wasn ' t putting christ back into christmas .
banks was on a quest that began 100 years ago with his grandmother , walton ' s daughter , who handed down a large cast iron southern cross of honor grave marker to be placed at her father ' s grave if it was ever found . established in 1806 , old city cemetery is the oldest municipal cemetery in virginia still in use today . now we can bring some of them closure . " this has been an incredible process of discovery , " he said . he noted that the remains of union soldiers were exhumed and removed from the plot of land in 1866.
he ' s fired . the men that i know in the locker room i ' m proud of . this came after two days worth of president donald trump ’ s attacks on nfl players and colin kaepernick for protesting racial injustice on the playing field . “we salute the flag , because the struggles and the sacrifices of generations of americans to make this a better country . usatsi " everyone ' s always been united . watch the clip above , via fox news . it should be . " in the hours since trump ' s remarks , players , teams , team owners , the nflpa , the league and now former coaches
” maryland gov . “we do not have representation in this state . “the people are the sovereign , ” says scott strzelczyk , leader of the fledgling western maryland initiative , and the western sovereigns are fed up with annapolis ’ s liberal majority , elected by the state ’ s other sovereigns . northern california counties want to form a state called jefferson . in recent years , counties and even states have threatened secession , but none have come to fruition . cut it now ! louis . 29 in cockeysville , md . ” secession is a difficult political fight to win .
in a paper published august 13 in cell metabolism , the researchers show how , contrary to popular claims , restricting dietary fat can lead to greater body fat loss than carb restriction , even though a low-carb diet reduces insulin and increases fat burning . they switched diets during the second visit . rodgers , m.d . a study from the us national institutes of health presents some of the most precise human data yet on whether cutting carbs or fat has the most benefits for losing body fat . when simulating what might happen over longer periods , the model predicted relatively small differences in body fat loss with widely varying ratios of carbs to fat .
there is komo news spoke to daniel ' s parents on friday , and they said he was sent to the hospital with cold symptoms and dizziness . he now needs a wheelchair - but his family is grateful he is improving . " two of the patients live in eastern oregon , including the adult . acute flaccid myelitis remains a mystery . breea shelton of salem is at dorenbecher children ’ s hospital in portland , her grandmother told katu monday night . he says there ’ s no treatment for afm . there weren ' t any cases in washington state last year .
the experts were members of a panel that had met six days before the quake to assess risks after hundreds of tremors had shaken the medieval walled city . " this is a trial which opens on very shaky foundations . of having provided an approximate , generic and ineffective assessment of seismic activity risks as well as incomplete , imprecise and contradictory information " . lawyers for civil plaintiffs - who include the local council - are seeking damages of 50m euros ( £ 45m ) . as the trial opened , l ' aquila prosecutor alfredo rossini told reporters : " we simply want justice .
michele kalina , who has been in jail since she was arrested august 9 on charges relating to the discovery of the infants ' remains at her home in reading , was charged monday with criminal homicide and five counts of " abuse of corpse " and is being held without bail , adams said in a statement released by his office . berks county district attorney john t. gombar said that some women can hide pregnancies . dr. neil a. heiden , right . the evidence linked a fourth baby to kalina as the mother , with the boyfriend as the possible father .
in texas , the official death toll surpassed 30 on wednesday and was expected to climb as authorities investigated several other deaths to determine whether they were storm-related . " along with a phone number for anyone needing boat assistance or rescue . " unfortunately , it seems that our worst thoughts are being realized , " harris county sheriff ed gonzalez said after the van that disappeared over the weekend was found in 10 feet of muddy water . 29 , 2017 . there was mali the puppy , his mother recalled , a tabby he called blu and a tibetan spaniel named coco .
the oscar hopeful is broadening out in terms of its appeal to white moviegoers , with caucasians making up 55 percent of this weekend ' s audience , compared to 48 percent on opening weekend . 2. the r-rated sleeper hit has now grossed $ 91.7 million in a major victory for new line and parent company warner bros. the weinstein co. in the u.s. the $ 60 million film , starring lily collins as a demon-hunting teen , was produced and financed by germany ' s constantin films . " it ' s very satisfying to see our strategy pay off -- target the core and don ' t worry about anything else , " focus features president of distribution jack foley said .
china ' s central bank , and commerce and foreign ministries last week jointly warned that enactment of the proposed currency law could lead to a trade war between the world ' s two top economies . ) voted against it in 2010. " from a long term perspective democratic leaders in the senate are expected to roundly criticize the house if it does not act on what they are calling a major jobs bill . mark critz ( pa. many economists say china holds down the value of its yuan to give its exporters an edge in global markets .
" " the campaign is going to ask the fec what to do , " a campaign aide said , noting the loan was previously disclosed as part of cruz ' s personal financial disclosures when he entered the senate . and goldman sachs group inc. cruz told reporters late wednesday that “those loans have been disclosed over and over and over again on multiple filings . our finances are not complicated . story_separator_special_tag texas sen. mr. gov . david dewhurst , who was considered the favorite and spent more than $ 20 million of his own money on the race .
" they understood how much she was suffering and that she was fine with her decision . the 41-year-old artist with als , or lou gehrig ' s disease , held the gathering to say goodbye before becoming one of the first californians to take a lethal dose of drugs under the state ' s new doctor-assisted suicide law for the terminally ill. " davis invited over 30 friends and family to join her at a beautiful home in ojai on july 23-24. one woman brought a cello . a man played a harmonica . " there are no rules .
he ' s had the london skyline , a chinese dragon , his wife ' s name ( and his ex-wife ' s initials ) , a madonna and child and a buddha with an ak47 . hardy lost . i ’ m covered in shit tattoos anyway , so it doesn ’ t make any difference to me . “ha ! tom hardy is not your average actor , not your average movie star . ” yes , hardy . but also , wtf ? worse things , indeed . yep , seriously . his friendship is something to be treasured ; his enmity is something to be feared .
galanter says . now , in what is believed to be the first study to explore brain physiology in aa members , researchers from nyu langone medical center found that members who recited aa prayers after viewing drinking-related images reported less craving for alcohol after praying than after just reading a newspaper . dr. media inquiries : greg williams phone : 212-404-3533 gregory.williams@nyumc.org story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . the participants were placed in an mri scanner and then shown either pictures of alcoholic drinks or people drinking to simulate drinking behavior in a laboratory setting .
aslan usoyan , 75 , known by his nickname of grandpa hassan , was killed by a shot from a sniper ' s rifle as he was exiting the karetny dvor restaurant , about 1.5 kilometres from the kremlin , on wednesday . some observers feared that the murder of usoyan would unleash a turf war in the criminal world of russia and former soviet republics . the sniper ’ s perch was discovered to be a stairway between the fifth and sixth floor of a building facing the restaurant ’ s yard . this weapon is fitted with a silencer and muzzle flash reducer , making it near-impossible to detect the location of a shooter .
soon after the announcement about the choir ' s appearance at trump ' s jan. but she could not do it , chamberlin said in the letter , she later posted on facebook . i know that i too feel betrayed . performing at other government events would not be a concern ( e.g . as members and friends of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints , we strongly urge the church to stop this practice . ... the decision has sparked " participation in the choir , including the performance at the inauguration , is voluntary , " church spokesman eric hawkins reiterated in a statement thursday .
asked if it is unusual for singer not to have been contacted , she replied , " i ' m not sure of that , " adding " not necessarily if you ' re building a case . under new york law , a criminal sexual act applies story_separator_special_tag michael egan , the 31-year-old who accused director bryan singer and others of sexual abuse earlier this year , has dropped his suit against singer . whether he ever will be depends largely on what the investigation turns up . the plaintiff , a john doe , is british and was allegedly abused several times from age 15 onward by both men .
six letters by lee , to one of ... few living authors are as shrouded in mystery . ; her views on religion and southern politics ; and her adoration for her father , a. " the sale comes as lee ' s second " in another letter she tells caufield : " daddy is sitting beside me at the kitchen table . b. lippincott in october 1957. file - in this aug. ) during that period ms. bouverie pusey . lee wrote to mr. the consignor collects rare books and manuscripts as a hobby , according to the union-tribune .
( associated press ) demonstrators rally during a protest in jerusalem , friday , sept. the uproar over a 14-minute anti-islam youtube video has sparked furious protests from somalia to egypt to sudan to tunisia to libya to bangladesh to indonesia to pakistan . we ' ll be updating the map throughout the day , and if you post a note in the comment section we ' ll include it . ( associated press ) palestinian islamists burn an effigy portraying u.s. president barack obama during a protest about a film ridiculing islam ' s prophet muhammad in the palestinian refugee camp of ain el-hilweh near sidon , ...
a counseling clinic run by her husband has received nearly $ 30,000 from the state ofminnesota in the last five years , money that in part came from the federal government . and it certainly didn ' t help our clinic . rep. michele bachmann , r-minn. contacted this afternoon , alice stewart , a spokeswoman for bachmann , said the congresswoman was doing campaign events and was not immediately available for comment . after publicly criticizing the obama administration ' s stimulus program , bachmann requested stimulus funds to support projects in her district . " i don ' t think it ' s a deal-breaker , but i think it ' s something she ' s going to have to be willing to confront head-on .
in april producer adi shankar launched a spec script contest for “the simpsons ” to solve what has become known as the show ’ s “apu problem. i was informed a few days ago , however , that i was a finalist of 30 out of 200 though , and that is something i am very proud of . it ’ s unclear whether apu would have been voiced by hank azaria or an indian-american voice actor , but either way , it sounds like a huge missed opportunity on fox ’ s part . the solution is more varied depictions not less .
other snakes would take up similar hunting positions as dawn approached , catching the bats as they returned . dinets noticed that the boas hung down from the ceiling of the cave entrance and grabbed passing bats in midair . but if there was only one boa , it sometimes failed to secure a meal . ” still , coordination to maximize hunting success is practically unknown in reptiles ( crocodilians and monitor lizards are notable exceptions ) . while the snakes coordinated with one another , it ’ s not quite accurate to say they hunted in a “pack ” like wolves , as that implies a social aspect that dinets didn ’ t see .
schumer says don ’ t look for her in a super bowl ... these are the recommendations of amy schumer , one of the most consistent and early supporters of #newsnotnoise . the comedian teased a big announcement on instagram on monday , while also directing her followers to go to jessica yellin ' s instagram page . she likely knew the baby news would spark attention regardless , so she harnessed that platform to remind everyone about the midterms . • what political jargon do you want explained ? post your question in comments . ! lean blue .
in many ways like the great sphinx she visited melania trump also remains a mystery but now for the first time opening up about her life and her time in the white house during our exclusive sit-down interview and revealing some of the obstacles she ' s faced . can you give me any examples ? think of your son , think of your husband . they know who they are . good morning . tom is here . mrs. 5 , 2018. trump ' s first solo trip abroad means ovary step will be guarded . we ' re in an armored van traveling in the first lady ' s motorcade .
juneau -- the state of alaska will release thousands of sarah palin ' s emails from her first two years as governor today , a disclosure that has taken on national prominence as she flirts with a run for the presidency . in subsequent days , other media outlets submitted more-limited requests . " but there may not be any surprises to palin in the emails . looking for news you can trust ? subscribe to our free newsletters . ) the associated press also plans to scan the paper copies to make searchable files available to its members and clients .
the times reported that mcconnell has raised concerns over kavanaugh ' s extensive paper trail from his 12 years as a d.c. circuit judge , in addition to his posts as white house staff secretary for former president george w. democrats and some republicans are pressuring trump to pick a nominee who in their view is not intent on overturning roe v. mr. hardiman presented the fewest obvious obstacles to being confirmed to replace justice anthony m. no one else on the president ’ s list comes even close to that level of influence , " wrote schlapp , whose group hosts the annual conservative political action conference .
it ’ s not uncommon , but in triplets it ’ s extraordinarily rare — only two of them are identical . “hold on a second , ” she said before announcing there was a third . ” craniosynostosis occurs in 1 in 2,000 births . the trio would all need surgery to correct the problem . … that can be detrimental to the brain , the vision , the life of the child . “we worked out the probability of maybe on in 500 trillion to see a set of triplets the looked like these three , ” dr.
" " he was in the processing of questioning that suspect , " mims said of the detective . law enforcement and jackson city officials rushed to the scene . the headquarters was blocked off and surrounded by crime tape . ap writer jackie quinn reported from washington . ( 7 p.m. et ) . they found both people dead . officers were visibly shaken , wiping their eyes , and assistant chief lee vance could be seen comforting chief rebecca coleman at one point , putting his arm around her shoulder outside the building . we are asking for the public ' s patience while we find out why this tragic incident happened and how it happened .
30 , actor anthony rapp alleged that spacey made inappropriate sexual advances toward him when he was only 14. “and i was really happy to sort of get out of there. spacey ' s lawyers , todd rubenstein and bryan freedman , have not returned calls and emails from usa today seeking comment . in a buzzfeed article posted oct. ( photo : chris pizzello/invision/ap ) the first accusation of sexual misconduct against oscar-winning actor kevin spacey landed on oct. 29. 22. please try again later . 27 , 2017 . paul getty in the story about the infamous 1973 kidnapping of 16-year-old john paul getty iii .
a man in his 20s , they said , was naked in a bedroom with their daughter . he was trying to run out the front door . accounts of what happened next are imprecise . for a moment he thought he was seeing some kind of a bad joke . chea and sreap were killed by “blunt force trauma , ” and had injuries to their faces , police said , though an autopsy to formally determine a cause of death hasn ’ t been completed . both threw punches . markiewicz said the case is unusual .
” carrillo said she was shocked . ” the restaurant contacted carrillo and offered to donate 10 percent of this weekend ’ s sales to a charity of her choice and invited the four women to be vip guests . ” berden said the waiter told him he thought the question was asked “in a joking fashion. they got a shared experience , but not one they would have expected . “i already had my id out . ” carrillo isn ’ t buying it . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . “i feel that ’ s the direction we ’ re headed in , given who ’ s the president , ” she said .
barbosa had grown tired of patrons at the hotels ’ bars and parties , said a fire official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the continuing investigation . she said he worked hard for the company and often slept in complimentary rooms , just so he could be there when he woke up for his next shift . mr. long said . martinez said . a yotel co-worker was stunned . according to fire marshals , mariano barbosa jr. , were quickly extinguished . cassano , said in a statement . “this is a slap in the face , ” ms.
best buddies amur the tiger and timur the goat , sharing an enclosure in a safari park in russia ’ s far east , have fallen out big time with timur receiving treatment after amur messed him up . he spent hours doing it , annoying the patient tiger further , until he couldn ’ t take it anymore and snapped at timur . ” read more hunger games ? so they were reunited . instead , he chose to give him a lesson and set him free . we break down the half-hour-long slowly unfolding drama for you .
“us sanctions will target critical sectors of iran ’ s economy , ” grenell said in his first posting on twitter after arriving in germany . i believe not being a part of the washington culture is the exact reason i am here today. guests at the elegant cocktail party — hosted by bill white and bryan eure at their sprawling chelsea apartment — included donald trump jr. , who gave a toast and railed against the democrats for holding up grenell ’ s confirmation . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
" she ' s vapid but sweet . until this week , when journalist gary baum , reporting with a mixture of public documents and family testimony , published a report in the hollywood reporter claiming to have unearthed her true identity . " she was wearing no makeup and had her dog . without angelyne , the glamorama on your instagram feed and the glitz on bravo ' s and e ! " i saw paris hilton there a month ago , " reminisces angelyne in her distinct baby-girl voice . cooper . to receive the magazine , click here to subscribe .
one spinal solutions insider said the company mixed authentic and counterfeit screws in surgical kits that were sent to doctors across the nation . “i ’ m a walking time bomb. but now , nestled with the returns , the brighter yellow luster of a few screws caught walker ’ s eye . surgeons insist they story_separator_special_tag los angeles ( cbsla.com ) — more than two dozen plaintiffs have signed on to a massive lawsuit concerning an alleged scheme in which patients received non-fda approved screws during spine and back surgery . ” the man at the center of the scandal is a company president who indulged in luxury – private planes , strip club spending sprees , courtside seats at l.a. lakers games – as the company collapsed into debt .
i still was yelling the command ' show me your hands , ' " loehmann said in his statement . the officers also stated why they approached tamir by driving their cruiser over a curb and across the lawn of a west side recreation center , an approach that some criminal justice experts have criticized as reckless . a cuyahoga county grand jury is currently considering whether to bring charges against loehmann , 27 , and his partner , 47-year-old frank garmback , both of whom are white . loehmann said he fired twice . 22 , 2014. garmback said he saw the gun at around the time that loehmann got out of the police car , and he thought it was a handgun .
( associated press ) officers of the national search and rescue agency ( basarnas ) and indonesian air force personnel unload a body of one of the victims on board airasia flight 8501 from a helicopter at the airport in pangkalan ... she said : " i don ' t know what to say . " but there is also fury in some quarters . " we ' ve only found seven bodies to this day . 31 , 2014. they were all wiped out when the flight went down . kezia has lost five members of her family .
in 2011 it withdrew its application to trademark " seal team 6 , " the name of the military unit that tracked and killed osama bin laden . a petition to stop walt disney co. photos : celebrities by the times “disney ’ s trademark filing was intended to protect any potential title for our film and related activities . also : oregon business group wants to keep sag-aftra office open fx has rights to ' iron man 3 , ' ' oblivion , ' ' croods , ' more locked up nielsen to include internet viewers in its definition of tv homes adolfo.flores@latimes.com follow adolfo flores on twitter .
this is not to say it wasn ’ t a good decision or direction , it is to say that the normal checks and balances that a board has over senior management may not be very strong here . facebook declined to comment . all costs have increased , with cost of revenues up nearly 300 basis points , and operating income margin dropping from 52 % to 47 % for the full years of 2010 to 2011. " the news on the road show was first reported by tech blog allthingsdigital and the wall street journal . facebook is set to raise at least $ 5 billion in what will likely be the largest silicon valley ipo ever .
you ! tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . while the pop star lives in california , he flew home to tennessee to take advantage of early voting in his hometown of memphis . " hey ! choose to have a voice ! no excuses , my good people ! if not , november 8th ! yeah , you ! " there could be early voting in your town too . my mom calls me freaaaaaking out justin timberlake is in front of her in line for voting rn lmao why didn ' t i go w her when she asked 😩 — rachel ramsbottom ( @rachelrams ) october 24 , 2016 read more
he disarmingly sings along with the jackson 5 sample that begins " then days went by " before reshaping his " hate it or love it " verse into a squalid blaxploitation that makes you think he ' d view precious as a comedy . while 50 ' kanye west isn ' t mentioned once in the book ) , there was little insight to 50 ' s music-making process . returning after a backlash over his pop-rap crossover hits , the once-bulletproof eminem protégé is banking on the familiar tropes and narratives of ' 90s gangsta rap to hike interest in his stagnating career .
murdoch and hall ’ s engagement notice appeared in the births , marriages and deaths section of the times newspaper in london rupert murdoch has announced his engagement to jerry hall in the births , marriages and deaths section of the times newspaper in london . that earned her another moniker : “crouching wendi : hidden tiger. others do not so warmly share their bliss . fbi seizes email from news corp. , which also owns the downmarket new york post . “they say love is blind , ” sniped a murdoch insider . he , or his representative , did shell out extra for a black border .
asked if the mba is just a phony pr campaign for big ag , flores is emphatic : " we ' re not astroturf . • getting active in the online environment – posting comments/video on web sites , blogging , etc . all beef producers and others in the beef community with a genuine interest in promoting the beef industry are invited " more than 35,000 college students were assigned one of his books last year ; the omnivore ' s dilemma is one of the most widely read titles on us campuses . their cute little tongues .
the parish levees on the east bank are about 8.5 feet , though some are as high as 12 feet . " thirty-six years i ' ve lived here , and it ' s just devastating , " he said . parish president billy nungesser said parish officials will go out at low tide to check the back levee - a second line of defense - at the town of braithwaite and determine where to punch holes in it . a search and rescue operation is underway there . there is a nursing home in the jesuit bend area on the west bank that was not evacuated , and the governor ' s office of homeland security and emergency preparedness wants to try to evacuate it .
" phe are working with partners to investigate further to try and determine a source of infection . hus is a complication of e. " it has not yet been been revealed how the children contracted e. dr lauren ahyow , consultant in communicable disease control at phe east midlands , said : " e. the strand typically affects elderly people and young children . coli . experts at phe warned that people can become infected with e.coli via a number of ways including contaminated food , contact with farm animals and infected water . a charnwood borough council spokesperson confirmed its environmental health officers had taken out sample kits to the family home .
“we going to teach them a lot of techniques to change their behavior , in that way , " he said . they ’ ve never been taught that . you don ’ t see the rodney king type of force . said michael julian , the nypd ’ s newly appointed deputy commissioner . the retraining of nypd officers in the use of force and street confrontations was ordered in july after eric garner , a 43-year-old staten island man who was resisting arrest for allegedly selling untaxed cigarettes was put into a police chokehold from which he later died .
smith then became belligerent and uncooperative with the process and with the tsa agent , making a comment indicating that he was in possession of a bomb before proceeding toward the gate area , according to ortiz . " he was going to do bad things to the plane so it was pretty scary , " scott porter said . smith also missed five games this past season while spending time in an alcohol treatment center . michael fox . the airline had no further details about the incident . the franchise could rethink picking up his option for 2015 , writes bill williamson .
greenland ' s surface is absorbing more solar radiation as melting increases grain size and brings old impurities to the surface . greenland ’ s ice sheet has been darkening for the past two decades , and new research delves into the processes behind this phenomenon . an aerial image of greenland shows rivers of meltwater and areas of dark ice . one of those processes isn ' t visible to the human eye , but it is having a profound effect . over the same period , albedo modelled by the modèle atmosphérique régionale ( mar ) also shows a decrease , though at a lower rate ( ∼ −0.01decade−1 ) than that obtained from space-borne data .
he ' s in debt . " it ' s part of life , " said zimmerman , whose twitter feed is a constant barrage of death threats . he often flies to california , texas and virginia for speaking engagements and meetings with lawyers . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . he said people have told him to use aliases , but he said " i ' m not able to lie . the former neighborhood watch volunteer shot the unarmed black teen in sanford on feb.
" the study ’ s authors suggest that acetaminophen may increase the risk of adhd by interfering with maternal hormones that are critical for fetal brain development , citing a previous study done using acetaminophen in rats and a study of acetaminophen and autism done with humans . “they also reported what kind of disorders they had . i would try to avoid taking painkillers as much as i can until we know more about this. max wiznitzer , pediatric she just feels a little malaise. beate ritz , professor and chair of the epidemiology department at the university of california , los angeles fielding school of public health .
the study is in pediatrics . the risk of death doubled for children sleeping on their stomach or side when they were swaddled . abstract context : swaddling is a traditional practice of wrapping infants to promote calming and sleep . removing the most recent study conducted in the united kingdom reduced the heterogeneity ( i2 = 28.2 % ; p = .25 ) and provided a pooled or ( using a fixed effects model ) of 1.38 ( 95 % ci , 1.05 – 1.80 ) . limited evidence suggested swaddling risk increased with infant age and was associated with a twofold risk for infants aged >6 months .
“it ’ s kind of sad . now the town where lee was born and raised , and which served as the inspiration for her best-selling book , has once again become the scene of an unsettling legal dispute that has divided the community . “the museum doesn ’ t like to be in this spot . the suit claims that the museum is a “substantial business ” that generated more than $ 500,000 in revenue in 2011. photograph : bettmann/corbis lee ’ s only published novel is one of the great works of 20th century literature .
motion , in which its appendages stick to a story_separator_special_tag researchers from mit have designed a new ingestible " robot " that could one day be used to patch internal wounds , deliver medicine , or remove accidentally swallowed objects from the stomach . this is no small thing . says rus , who also directs mit ’ s computer science and artificial intelligence laboratory ( csail ) . like its predecessor , it can propel itself using what ’ s called a “stick-slip� ? in the us every year , over 3,500 incidents of swallowed button batteries are reported in the us , and most cases of battery swallowing involve toddlers .
sydney &#124; sydney ( reuters ) - ford motor co ( f.n ) said on thursday it is closing its two australian auto plants and will cease production in the country in october 2016. " the business case simply didn ' t stack up , " ford australia ' s chief executive bob graziano said . the car manufacturer has struggled with sliding sales , high costs and a strong australian dollar . said it would stop producing cars in australia in three years , foreshadowing hefty job losses in a setback for a government that has invested heavily in propping up the country ' s automobile industry .
the other is to team up with “of ” to form what ’ s called a compound preposition . but just in case , we ’ d best recap . ” in the past three or four years , though , a new usage for “because ” has been developing . ; of course evolution is true , because science . “because evil emperor zurg ! “don ’ t you wish all men would do that ? [ newsok ] because x is fashionably slangy at the moment , diffusing rapidly across communities . weeeellll … .
lohan was kicked out of a program at the downtown women ' s center , where she was instructed by a judge to do community service for a necklace theft conviction . " if i travel , its for work and its been approved . lindsay lohan scrambles to meet courtroom requirements as prosecutors aim to toss her in jail valerie macon/getty lindsay lohan attempts to clean up her act one day before her courtroom appearance . the new probation report , which judge stephanie sautner will review at the progress report hearing wednesday morning , found the starlet in " substantial compliance " with the terms of her sentence , sources said .
with republicans in control of the white house and the senate , it wasn ’ t supposed to be this difficult for trump to get his team in place posthaste , especially since democrats did away with the 60-vote requirement for cabinet nominees . ” he dismissed a major tax proposal that would favor u.s. exports over imports — known as a border adjustment — that was expected to further boost the dollar , as “too complicated. welcome celebration . bush ( 72 percent transition approval ) , bill clinton ( 81 percent ) and george h.w .
to use tor browser again , double click on the " start tor browser " application . if you want to move it to a different computer or limit the traces you leave behind , save it to a usb disk . the nsa ' s spying powers are vast , but there are still ways to thwart the agency ' s snooping . we help enterprises prevent losses in privacy , intellectual property , reputation and social trust . 3. make secure calls with silent circle the conventional telephone network is vulnerable to government wiretapping . windows and linux users can use pidgin .
" he said . at a news conference friday , miller told a group of supporters he would not appeal murkowski ' s 10,000-vote write-in victory , effectively ending two months of legal battles in which the gop nominee challenged the legitimacy of the incumbent ' s win . " this has been good for the state . senator demint was key to assisting in that effort as well , and they certainly continue to stand behind us. ” he added , “we have no ill will toward senator murkowski . ” miller was also asked if there was anything to be read into his highest profile backer , former alaska governor sarah palin , taking a lower profile in the campaign while the courts sorted out a resolution .
" we reasoned that this animal would have to resemble an auroch . the auroch roamed the grassy plains of europe for 250,000 years until it died out in poland in 1627 , and adolf hitler ' s followers tried to breed a similar beast as part of their aryan mythology . founder and ecologist ronald goderie told cnn : " we thought we needed a grazer that is fully self-sufficient in case of big predators ... " he turned the rogue cows into “very tasty ” sausages that tasted a bit like venison , he said . mr goderie believes that by 2025 , the seventh generation of neo-aurochs will be as close as possible to the originals .
” he said . levada , an american who heads the congregation for the doctrine of the faith , praised pope benedict for vigorously investigating and prosecuting sexual abuse cases . ” last night on larry king live , catholic league president bill donohue tried to dismiss this argument by claiming that “it ’ s not a pedophilia ” because “most of the victims were post pubescent , ” as old as 12 or 13 years of age . do you know how long they take ? lawrence c. murphy , died a few months later .
" arthur resigned after a student spread a nude picture of her through text messages and social media , according to union county school district interim superintendent david eubanks . she says she the week of valentines , she had some pictures in the gallery on her cell phone that were intended for her husband . this is absolutely false . but on feb. a department spokesman told nbc news on tuesday that the student then shared the photo throughout the school . also he has said that he has seen evidence that suggest mrs arthur routinely allowed students to use her phone .
add interest keith papini told abc news in an exclusive statement that his wife ' s face was " covered in bruises ranging from yellow to black because of repeated beatings . " this is a definitely a unique occurrence , " bosenko said . " he added that the bridge of her nose was broken and her signature blond hair had been chopped off . he did not explain where these comments were posted or what exactly was said . 24. 2 . she was able to flag down help even though she was bound with restraints .
the investor ’ s business daily poll has already announced that it will suspend its national tracking poll until the storm passes , and other cancellations may follow . since the affected states are democratic-leaning , and since many of them are so democratic-leaning that they are likely to vote for mr. josh voorhees josh voorhees is a slate senior writer . he lives in iowa city . the electorate is able to separate random events from governmental responses and attribute actions based on the defined roles of these two politicians . photo by dennis brack-pool/getty images . " if nothing else , the storm is providing one final unscripted moment for a campaign that appeared to be largely in auto-drive heading into the final week .
by communicating our expectations to our suppliers and following up on their progress , we will increasingly be able to assess our supply chain against our category-specific requirements for fish and seafood – for example , that there is no known sourcing from illegal , unreported and unregulated fisheries and vessels , and that there is no known sourcing from operations that are not legally licensed for production and sales . the european union threatened earlier this year to ban thai seafood imports if the country fails to improve the regulation of its fishing industry . of selling seafood caught using slave labor .
as of this year , democrats have shown their lowest support for closing the prison at guantanamo bay . such a move would be the latest and potentially most dramatic use of executive power by the president in his second term . bergdahl . bowe berghdal ' s release from afghanistan , americans ' views have barely budged since 2009. , senior administration officials said . currently , 41 % support the idea , while 54 % oppose it . however , he recently reiterated his desire to close the prison at west point graduation ceremony . bottom line though president obama has long backed plans to close the prison at guantanamo bay , he did not have the support of americans on the issue when taking office in 2009.
story_separator_special_tag image copyright reuters image caption nearly 10 million people took the gaokao exam in china last week a us university will begin accepting the chinese university entrance exam known as the gaokao in an effort to attract more chinese students . “if i had seen it , i would have considered buying it. there are no other admission requirements . usf president paul j. fitzgerald , s.j . ” most students were in some western clothing brands recognize the high stakes . in red . graduates who make it into top universities often end up in top companies and with good careers .
people with one — and especially two — e4 variants are significantly more likely to develop alzheimer ' s than people without e4 . the apoe e2 allele has been shown to greatly increase the risk of a rare condition called hyperlipoproteinemia type iii . however , other studies have not found these associations . some studies have suggested that having at least one copy of the apoe e4 allele may help protect against this disease or delay the onset of vision loss , while having at least one copy of the apoe e2 allele may increase the risk of this disease or cause symptoms to appear earlier .
" what @instagram won ' t let you see #freethenipple , " she added along with another daring photo.the model and actress even changed her instagram name to " scout ( areola ) willis " – before her account was deleted.willis isn ' t the only celebrity to protest instagram . javits convention center on may 29 in new york city . május 27. the social media site has come under fire for deleting pictures of breast cancer survivors and women breastfeeding . halle berry attended the huading film awards on june 1 at ricardo montalban theatre in los angeles , california .
as he and his wife got closer to the room , they heard the voice calling his daughter an " effing moron , " and telling her , " ' wake up you little slut . factfinder12 sat down with cybertron international ' s bill ramsey for some advice on securing your internet-based baby monitor . gilbert immediately yanked the plug from the camera . “allyson was born deaf , so she has cochlear implants . luckily ( ? the incident occurred on aug. a hacker apparently had taken over the monitor . it happened to a houston dad .
" story_separator_special_tag washington — jared kushner , president trump ’ s son-in-law and senior adviser , has been granted his permanent security clearance , a person briefed on the matter said on wednesday , ending a period of uncertainty that had fueled questions about whether mr. kushner was in peril in the special counsel investigation . these developments come as the mueller ' s investigators appear to be trying to complete parts of their inquiry . but his f.b.i . " since then , he has continued this complete cooperation , providing a large number of documents and sitting for hours of interviews with congressional committees and providing numerous documents and sitting for two interviews with the office of special counsel .
véronique massonneau was forced to stop her address to the national assembly in paris when her conservative rival , philippe le ray , began to make the noises . that an mp attempts to turn into a bird while another mp is speaking is not acceptable , " bartolone said . " i understand that both sides have ideas to defend but that you transform [ this house ] in a playground , no . " the incident has caused outrage across the country and led to accusations of sexism in the country ' s top seat of politics with calls for le ray to be officially reprimanded .
” this prevalence of intersex fish in this study is much higher than that found in a similar usgs study that evaluated intersex in black basses in nine river basins in the united states . estrogenic endocrine-disrupting chemicals are derived from a variety of sources , from natural estrogens to synthetic pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals that enter the waterways . " he added , " we ' re not sure how it works into the human scientists are trying to figure out why male fish in the potomac river are growing immature eggs in their system . " iwanowicz is the lead author of a paper on the phenomenon , which has been published in ecotoxicology and environmental safety .
keith caneiro ' s linkedin profile says he graduated from columbia university with a bachelor ' s degree in 2014 , and was either enrolled or recently completed a master ' s program at the university . officials have not released the names of the victims . sophie nieto-munoz contributed to this report . nj.com/tips [ what you need to know to start your day : get new york today in your inbox. records show caneiro also has an active real estate license . find nj.com on facebook . tell us . ] mr. gramiccioni said . ” the deadly fire that broke out in colts neck , n.j.
a newborn child has been found in a plastic bag tossed in the dumpster of a houston apartment complex . " he was cold . they are trying to locate the baby ' s parents . " it made a big impact , " michel , who is a grandfather , told the paper . houston police say the child was barely breathing when he was found . maybe hours old . it happened at the reserve at windmill lakes on almeda genoa road at around 8 a.m. tuesday . child protective services will also investigate the incident . the so called " baby moses " law was passed to prevent incidents like this that often don ' t end so well .
i think that ' s interesting. theo wenner in 2014 , a swift shoot requires the kind of operational secrecy and logistical complexity rarely seen outside of a seal raid . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
the crew holds tryouts for new members and attracts matt brody ( zac efron ) , a washed-up , self-absorbed former olympian turned national disgrace ( think ryan lochte ) , as well as strong-willed surfer type summer quinn ( alexandra daddario ) and schlubby comic relief ronnie greenbaum ( jon bass ) . but it ’ s not enough to carry two hours on the big screen . “baywatch ” wants to be smart-dumb , but winds up being dumb-dumb , a great beach body with nothing inside its brain . elite of the elite ! the reality is a little more stale .
" he talked by cellphone with his aunt and congratulated his brother when he was informed of his graduation ; he recognized the road leading to his home , " the researchers who treated the man wrote in the case report . midazolam is sometimes used in patients in hospital intensive care units to cause unconsciousness . it is also used to produce loss of consciousness before and during surgery . they found that those regions previously had been linked to the symptoms of catatonia , which is a state of unresponsiveness to stimuli that is often associated with schizophrenia .
( ap photo/evan vucci ) ( associated press ) members of the new york delegation cheer for republican presidential candidate donald trump during the roll call at the republican national convention , tuesday , july 19 , 2016 , in cleveland . “he motivates me to work my hardest and to always stay true to who i am and what i do. story_separator_special_tag so it ’ s official : donald j. " whatever may or may not have been planned , apparently it didn ' t happen , " said colorado delegate kevin grantham . , brought down the house with a speech that lauded his father ’ s business successes from a personal perspective .
mccain ( ddg-56 ) was named for him and his son . in 1936 , at the age of 51 , he was designated a naval aviator , and from 1937 to 1939 he commanded the aircraft carrier ranger ( cv-4 ) , contributing much to the development of carrier tactics for the war to come . his planes once sank 49 japanese ships in a single day . learn more " united states navy photo js mccain and wf halsey aboard uss new jersey 1944 - us navy photo uss john s. his first command was the sirius ( ak-18 ) .
mugabe is " not under arrest because she cooperated and handed herself over , " minister of police fikile mbalula said in a video posted on enca . he says the first lady was treated at a local clinic and discharged , although she was said to be in pain . she released an image of a face injury online . engels said a bodyguard asked her and a friend to wait in a separate room before mugabe allegedly started beating her . in a statement , presidential spokesman george charamba , described this as a “freak car incident ” .
" she was brave , had no fear , and was full of life , " he said . born and raised in a lower middle class family , the 23-year old saw education as the passport to improving her family ' s economic plight . please turn on javascript . the five are accused of assaulting the woman on a bus in new delhi , leaving her with such severe injuries that she died two weeks later . we would not even know when she slept and woke up . a public prosecutor read out charges including murder , gang rape and criminal conspiracy .
so perhaps it ’ s time to look at how stem cell behavior differs in men and women , stanford ’ s ben dulken and anne brunet argue in a cell stem cell paper published this week . according to a new study led by university of southern california leonard davis school of gerontology researchers , significant differences in life expectancies between the sexes first emerged as recently as the turn of the 20th century . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . the uneven impact of cardiovascular illness-related deaths on men , especially during middle and early older age , raises the question of whether men and women face different heart disease risks due to inherent biological risks and/or protective factors at different points in their lives , finch said .
it typically results in wine running down the neck of the bottle and dripping onto whatever is beneath . ” perlman reportedly already has over 100 patents to his name , though for wine drinkers , this one might stand as his crowning achievement . sure , they ’ re not perfect , but they ’ re so simple and have gone without significant improvement or changes for so long that there ’ s little chance they ’ ll ever evolve , right ? but a brandeis university physicist believes he has solved the problem – and all it took was a two millimeter tweak in the bottle itself .
that ’ s a given . they own it . for most americans , obamacare is , so far , canceled plans and a nonworking website . that ’ s bad news for the success of the law , and it ’ s also bad news for the liberal experiment . it is theirs , lock , stock and two smoking barrels . and democrats supported the basic idea of the prescription drug benefit , even if they wanted a more generous one . this is absurd . the polls — or a poll , at least — are in , and people don ’ t like president obama anymore .
“so i found out i needed to get a kidney transplant due to my lupus and was recovering . ” gomez , 25 , thanked her doctors , family , friends and medical personnel for their care , but her biggest gratitude was for her best friend , dancer and actress francia raisa , who actually donated her kidney . " selena goes on ... she gave me the ultimate gift . definition by mayo clinic staff lupus is a chronic inflammatory disease that occurs when your body ' s immune system attacks your own tissues and organs .
" currently , google fiber has a presence in kansas city and provo , utah . potential cities will also be pitching in to help move that effort along , completing " a checklist of items that will help them get ready for a project of this scale and speed . the companys internet service is distinct because it relies on running fiber optic cables directly into homes and offering 1-gigabit-per-second uploads and downloads at home consumer prices . davidson &amp; co. google inc. " but even if some deals don ' t work out , the company
bush has been released from a maine hospital after falling at his summer home and breaking a bone in his neck . the type of fracture that bush sustained usually takes three to four months to heal , attending physician dr. william d ' angelo said . story_separator_special_tag former president george h. interested in ? the republican served two terms as ronald reagan ' s vice president before being elected president in 1988 . bush and his wife barbara bush speak before the first half of an ncaaa college basketball game in houston . a spokesman says doctors ...
north korea said wednesday it had conducted a hydrogen bomb ... after a nuclear test in 2013 , the security council took about three weeks to agree a resolution that tightened financial restrictions and cracked down on pyongyang ’ s attempts to ship and receive banned cargo . based on the strategic determination of the workers ' party , " a news reader announced on wednesday . seoul/washington ( reuters ) - north korea said it successfully tested a powerful nuclear bomb on wednesday , drawing threats of further sanctions even though the united states and weapons experts voiced doubts the device was as advanced as the isolated nation claimed .
1640 bc ) . deir el-bersha is known for tombs cut into cliffs of limestone that date back to the old kingdom ( 2686 – 2181 bc ) , the first intermediate period ( about 2100 – 2040 bc ) and the middle kingdom ( mk ; 2040 – approx . but extracting dna from ancient egyptian mummies , after centuries in hot , dna-degrading environments story_separator_special_tag 1. it is not yet clear whether he is djehutynakht iv , son of ahanakht i , or djehutynakht v , son of nehri i [ 1 3 ] . reisner with the assistance of hanford l.
this is as systemic a cultural problem as it is a football problem . " likely of particular interest to the ncaa emmert says he isn ' t ruling out the possibility ... but ncaa leaders have indicated in recent months they are willing to use harsher penalties for the worst offenses . a report by former fbi director louis freeh concluded that the late coach joe paterno and three former administrators _ president graham spanier , athletic director tim curley and vice president gary schultz _ " repeatedly concealed critical facts relating to sandusky ' s child abuse .
( associated press ) trent mays , 17 , enters court for the fourth day of his and co-defendent defendant 16-year-old ma ' lik richmond ' s trial on rape charges in juvenile court on saturday , march 16 , 2013 in steubenville , ohio .... an expert defense witness also testified that the girl was not likely to have consumed enough alcohol to pass out that night but that she did drink enough to have a memory lapse , implying she could have consented to having sex but did not remember doing so . view all new york times newsletters .
6 , 2013 , file photo , sergey kislyak , russia ' s ambassador to the u.s. speaks with reporters at the center for the national interest in washington . so who is kislyak , and what is his role in the controversy ? attorney general jeff sessions had ... ( associated press ) file- in this sept. i intend to find out. “some say the russians won ’ t be reasonable . current and former us intelligence officials have described kislyak as a top spy and recruiter of spies , a notion on his third extended posting to the united states , kislyak finds himself at the heart of a political firestorm in washington , his encounters with associates of president donald trump under close scrutiny .
the volunteer efforts will focus on jetblue for good ’ s three main pillars : youth and education , community , and the environment . kennedy airport in new york . time jetblue is adding 12 seats to each of its a320s . residents of the united states who are over 18 years old can enter by answering philanthropic-related questions on the website jetbluecheckinforgood.com . talk about impromptu travel ! check-in kiosks will also pop up at surprise locations in l.a. and n.y.c . close jetblue is offering a free trip to 50 travelers and their companions in exchange for volunteer work .
“it ’ s quite interesting and quite surprising , but we don ’ t know the extent it ’ s in the population. while the vast majority appeared to be closely related burmese pythons — imagine a family reunion packed with first and second cousins — 13 had genetic markers from indian pythons , a different species that unlike the swamp-loving burmese snake prefers high , dry ground . save 70 % on digital access ! tracker vadivel also unclear is the impact of so-called “hybrid vigour ” on an individual snake . red circles indicate the sightings have been confirmed .
his first tweet was " welcome to my twitter account - ay " . for him it ' s about telling people what he ' s doing . the duke is a champion of free speech . prince andrew chose @thedukeofyork as his handle for the micro-blogging site . the duke ' s decision to start tweeting coincided with the launch of the duke of york award for technical education as he visited the black country university technical college - a new school offering year 10 and year 12 students the opportunity to focus on science and engineering subjects in a specialist environment .
start sourcing the ultimate star wars costume now , because less than a year is not long to wait , especially as it ’ s been 32 years since return of the jedi . release : dec. below is disney ’ s not-quite-top-secret plan . a lot more . no synopsis yet but long-serving star wars screenwriter lawrence kasdan promises that johnson is “going to make some weird thing ” . but when , specifically , will each new title be released ? rion johnson is the man with the pen again , so here ’ s hoping everyone enjoys episode viii enough to want more from him .
with an eight-hour surgery looming -- she has endured more than 40 so far -- she ' s simply hoping that she will be able to fulfill concert dates that were booked a year or more in advance . medically , " it ' s never over , just because of the complicated nature of the combination of my injuries , " she says . we can ' t seem to find the page you ' re looking for . professionally , she still longs to perform with the world ' s greatest ensembles . before the accident , she was a 20-year-old chicago violin virtuoso who had surmounted poverty and a troubled family life to acquire a stack of international prizes , positioning herself for global artistic success .
— azealiabanks ( @azealiabanks ) february 1 , 2016 and she has an alliterative ( if not substantive ) argument in favor of doing so : i think trump is the only one who truly has the balls to bust up big business . but there ' s a catch . he is skipping thursday ' s night ' s gop debate amid a feud with debate host fox news channel . the event featured a performance by rocker jon bon jovi . story_separator_special_tag democratic presidential candidate sen. all times local . former maryland gov . bernie sanders , i-vt.
the dark side of the moon is not visible from earth . china ' s lunar exploration program , named chang ' e after a mythical goddess , has already launched a pair of orbiting lunar probes , and in 2013 landed a craft on the moon with a rover onboard . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ” story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . china sent its first astronaut into space in 2003 and has powered ahead with a series of methodically timed steps , including the deploying of an experimental space station .
he had a lump on his head , police said . " an undated photo of michelle and william becker , who drowned in 1981. " we don ' t know what happened after they left the dinner party , " said dec police maj. the suffolk county police department said there was no evidence of foul play and the case was officially closed in 1983. her slippers were on the dock near siemerling ’ s boat . ” southold town police chief martin flatley could not be reached for comment tuesday . but malkush said he felt police came to that conclusion too quickly , just hours after a marina worker found william ’ s
to ensure sampling of households across geographic regions , we stratified the population according to remoteness , defined according to the travel time to the nearest city with a population of at least 50,000 persons.22,23 we determined an average remoteness index for each of the 900 barrios ( administrative units ) by using population and road-network data from official government sources.24 barrios were grouped into eight categories according to percentile from least remote ( category 1 ) to most remote ( category 8 ) , and 13 barrios were randomly sampled from each category ( fig . people in those homes reported a total of 38 deaths .
” and “place of homes ” . " other comments include : " this is the most cambridge thing ever " and " it ' s a different class of graffiti in cambridge " . “clearly somebody is protesting against these houses. in a surprising move the culprits decided to use latin , painting the words “loci populum ! even as a ten-pinter , that is not going to wash as a slogan . what then ? no , no . in 2015 , someone threatened to “remove or destroy ” bicycles chained to railings in the city centre , with the warning written in greek and latin .
, police said . " she appeared lifeless , " dunlop said . ( associated press ) in this photo provided by christian monterrosa , a trader joe ' s employee is distraught as he recounts his experience just outside the trader joe ' s supermarket where a man held dozens of people hostage before surrendering to police , saturday , july 21 , 2018 , in los angeles . we ’ re shopping for parties . at around 6 : 30 p.m. he was immediately taken into custody . my baby sister . you pop in when you go to the laundromat , ” he said .
" in 1944 , in his state of the union speech , president roosevelt outlined what he called a second bill of rights , " sanders said . , who decried “socialism for the rich and rugged individualism for the poor. @berniesanders speech and candidacy aims to heal that breach usa today sen. socialists care about power — ownership and control . 5. and it also divided the left as cold war battle lines hardened . ( photo : mark wilson , getty images ) corrections and clarifications : an earlier version of this story misspelled livia matteucci ' s name .
( associated press ) a long line of people in wheelchairs gather at lincoln center as they protest " death of klinghoffer " monday , oct 20 , 2014 , in new york . jeffrey s. the ship ' s barber and waiter are made to throw him overboard . american composer ... mr. for some reason the opera ’ s enemies don ’ t seem concerned that its unflinching portrayal of the murder of an elderly jew in david a. tonight , new york city ' s metropolitan opera will mount a production that ' s already mired in controversy .
hide caption 1 of 43 photos : the search for mh370 on july 29 , police carry a piece of debris on reunion island , a french territory in the indian ocean . " it will also look again at the satellite information that ' s been accumulated so that we can make sure that it ' s been accurately interpreted , " australian deputy prime minister warren truss said . just watched skepticism about new mh370 findings replay more videos ... the plane disappeared march 8 with 239 passengers and crew en route from kuala lumpur to beijing .
” his office sent a letter through fax to brown ’ s publisher and agent on thursday noon . " it looks like ( tolentino ) is the one who hasn ' t been to manila , " one person tweeted . tolentino conceded this was not the first conflict between brown and manila . she goes to the philippines for a mission to supposedly feed poor fishermen and farmers in the countryside . ” in an interview with abs-cbn news , tolentino said : “pinapalabas niya ang metro manila puro kadumihan . a wonderland ? we surmise that mr.
fatty liver disease means you have extra fat in your liver . dilated cardiomyopathy also can lead to heart valve problems , arrhythmias ( irregular heartbeats ) and blood clots in the heart . ( a term used when the disease develops in a woman shortly before or after she gives birth. texan art dealer kenny said he flew to england two weeks the former wham ! not all forms of dcm are ischemic in origin. an initial autopsy failed to determine the cause of death . these include : alcoholic hepatitis . ald is preventable . 25.
mantecore , the tiger responsible — but never blamed — for a near-fatal injury to roy horn of siegfried &amp; roy in 2003 , died on march 19. it was my great honor to be beside him at the end . he is now playing with his siblings in white tiger heaven. as recently as his 69th birthday party last october , horn chided review-journal columnist norm clarke for his word choice in a column recounting the incident . ” horn added , “his contribution to the avalanche of awareness for conservation and preservation has made him unforgettable .
he was 63 . patrick kennedy says lawford died of a heart attack on tuesday , ... in the years before he had experienced the assassinations of his two uncles and his parents ' divorce in 1966. lawford was the only son and oldest child of patricia kennedy — sister of john , robert and ted kennedy — and peter lawford — the english actor and socialite who was a member of frank sinatra ' s " rat pack . ( photo by todd williamson/invision for la friendly house/file ) ( associated press ) providence , r.i. tmz has confirmed .
hide caption 3 of 30 photos : photos : kidnapped teens rescued kidnapped teens found decade later – georgina " gina " dejesus was last seen in cleveland on april 2 , 2004 , on her way home from school . he cited a state law that a person can be charged with murder -- a conviction that could lead to the death penalty in ohio -- for killing unborn children . endowment fund the ashmus family fund ashtabula county aviation trust fund assad abood foundation fund barbara j. david e. sallee , jr. she was 14 when she went missing .
“when i saw that casey anthony had been found not guilty in the murder of little caylee , and that she was only being convicted of lying to the police about her disappearance , i was sickened , ” crowder says . another campaign on facebook has nearly two million people pledging to leave their porch lights on for caylee . “caylee ’ s law ” would make it a federal offense and a felony for a parent or guardian to fail to report a child ’ s disappearance to law enforcement . story_separator_special_tag brigham young universityarchive-it partner since : feb , 2013organization type : colleges &amp; universitiesorganization url : http://lib.byu.edu the l.
courtney gidengil and colleagues wrote in their report , published in the journal pediatrics . " like all drugs , vaccines can cause serious side effects . a nurse prepares the rotavirus vaccine to give to a baby during a program to start vaccination against the virus . the report says there is " strong evidence " that the measles vaccine is not associated with an increased risk of autism . it echoes some of those findings and included vaccines that report hadn ' t addressed . researchers who did the report for federal health officials . still , the myth persists .
the magnitude 9.0 earthquake that hit off the japanese coast in 2011 also jumped fault boundaries , " resulting in a much larger fault-rupture area and magnitude than expected , and contributing to the deadly tsunami and fukushima nuclear disaster , " the usgs report said . , after a magnitude-6.7 earthquake struck southern california .... how often do quakes rupture along multiple faults in a simultaneous mega-quake ? most are too small to be felt . file - this jan. yes . scientists said the baja california quake directed tectonic stress northward , putting southern california at a higher risk for a future quake .
early assessments of the two incidents have blamed both crew training and the growing demands of the navy ’ s fleet of warships . “i would also offer to you that just about every three letter agency in washington , d.c. has looked to see if there were indications of an intent or a potential acknowledgement of a cyber attack . 21 collision of guided missile destroyer uss john s. bill moran told congress last week . vice adm. one , try to confirm cyber did not have anything to do with the collision and then how do we move forward in making sure these are a normal part of these investigations , ” she said .
the six-month study sought to catalogue hidden services on the so-called " dark net " and work out which were the most popular . unstable sites that frequently go offline might generate more visit counts . the creators of tor known as the tor project responded to a request for comment from wired with a list of alternative factors that could have skewed its results . the study paints an ugly portrait of that internet underground : drug forums and contraband markets are the largest single category of sites hidden under tor ’ s protection , but traffic to them is dwarfed by visits to child abuse sites .
“she said she ’ d put part of her fidget spinner in her mouth to clean it and somehow swallowed it , ” joniec said in her post . story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . when urgent care couldn ’ t tell where the bearing was , the mother and daughter were rushed to the texas children ’ s hospital ’ s woodlands location via ambulance . britton joniec underwent emergency surgery on monday , according to her mom , who described the terrifying ordeal involving the propeller-shaped contraption .
by eating a world-record 72 hot dogs in 10 minutes , joey chestnut wins a 10th nathan ' s hot dog eating contest . police stationed at the event rushed into the crowd , handcuffed the demonstrators and took them away . ( ap photo/bebeto ... joey chestnut final tally : 🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭🌭 — cbs sports ( @cbssports ) july 4 , 2017 and still ! thomas holds the women ' s record for the contest , at 45 dogs and buns . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
the runways represented the most common climates , elevations , and runway conditions at busy airports around the world — including us airports in denver , phoenix , story_separator_special_tag new york ( thomson reuters foundation ) - more frequent heat waves and rising temperatures due to global warming may ground up to a third of airplanes worldwide during hot days in decades to come with some airports in new york and dubai likely to be hard hit , a study showed on thursday . forget about rain delays or missing flight crews . student . the reason was two-fold .
” in “the technology of orgasm , ” a history of the vibrator , rachel p. sign up you agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for the new york times ' s products and services . " so , kids will turn into sex maniacs at the word " vibrator , " but " vibrating triphoria " is ok ? three unique tips ! not that we have any problem with this . please try again later . an error has occurred . invalid email address . , which mr. maines puts it , their “social camouflage ” was undone and such ads disappeared .
“instead of writing her own speech , she [ told audience members ] that she was going to read from her [ favorite ] book … ’ battle hymn of the tiger mother , ' ” the source told thedc of chua-rubenfeld ’ s address . use guest mode to sign in privately . follow laura on twitter story_separator_special_tag not your computer ? learn more in january , an excerpt of chua ’ s memoir appeared in the wall street journal and readers almost immediately went after the academic scholar with pitchforks for promoting strict child-rearing techniques . earlier this year , chua made time magazine ’ s 2011 list of the world ’ s most influential people and brought her husband and girls to the gala .
" mccullough said that when maria was kidnapped , the telephone in his home in sycamore was ringing . mccullough ' s long-held schmack , who wasn ' t involved in mccullough ' s case and was elected to the state ' s attorney post as mccullough ' s trial came to an end , filed a scathing report with the court last month that appeared to pick the case apart , point-by-point . only scotty could make that happen , if he beamed me up . that evidence included newly discovered phone records . family members behind him hugged and cried .
speculation of an explosion at fordow followed an iranian news agency report that global powers and tehran could resume talks on iran ' s disputed nuclear program on monday and tuesday . it takes 225 kilograms of enriched uranium at the 20-percent level to further enrich to the 90-percent level for one nuclear bomb . more than a week later , the report is yet to be verified by a single independent source . earlier the same day , avi dichter , israel ' s home defence minister , had been unable to confirm the unsubstantiated reports but nonetheless , welcomed them .
south korea ' s navy conducted a live-fire drill in the waters off the east coast of the korean peninsula in response to north korea ' s sunday nuclear test . " rift ? " i think another icbm [ intercontinental ballistic missile ] test ... could come on sept. 9 , 2016. diplomacy moon and abe are both traveling to the eastern russian city of vladivostok for an economic summit taking place wednesday and thursday . the lawmaker told cnn tuesday it was unclear when the movement was detected , what the direction of the projectile was and how it was being transported .
the lengthy address , which laid out north korea ’ s goals for the year , marked kim ’ s first formal remarks since the election two weeks ago of park geun-hye as south korea ’ s next president . and implement " previously-agreed declarations . musical performance kim jong-un said 2013 would be a year of creations and changes , calling for a " radical turnabout " that would transform the impoverished , isolated state into an " economic giant " and raise living standards . geert vanden wijngaert/ap buy photo wait 1 second to continue . jan.
" kloza expects prices to bottom in the $ 3.30 range . the drop could provide a boost to consumer spending and influence next month ' s presidential race , where gas prices have been a hot-button issue for much of the campaign . " prices just aren ' t coming down fast enough – but at least they ' re coming down and not going up . the seasonal decline in gas prices is later than usual . after jumping 9 percent in august , gas prices rose 7 percent in september , according to the us bureau of labor statistics .
” “fans of mr. weiner , then a congressman , in 2010 and 2011. ” colleagues refuse to speak with her . “i cannot tell you the devastation , ” lisa weiss , a blackjack dealer who leaked her emails with weiner to radaronline , is quoted as saying , calling herself “a little piece of collateral damage from the weiner situation. by looking at search result listings in a series of more than 100 searches in google news , it was possible to reconstruct what appears to be the bulk of the article : 1,342 words .
in its comments thursday , " the kim jong un regime is just firing back " at its enemies in response to the b-52 flights and the military exercises of which they ' re a part , said lee jung-hoon , a professor of international relations at yonsei university in seoul . korea threatens u.s. military bases replay more videos ... must watch n. kcna said this picture was taken on march 20 , 2013. tensions have been high with the rivals exchanging verbal barbs . 1 of 4. dprk is short for democratic people ' s republic of korea , north korea ' s official name .
the killing of ms. parveen . ms parveen had been at the high court to defend her husband in a case brought against him by her relatives . state prosecutors rejected that argument , insisting that the police had proven the four men ’ s guilt using dna testing and other forensic techniques . ms parveen ' s father , brother , cousin and former fiancé were all found guilty of murder on wednesday . iqbal had killed his first wife years earlier in order to be with ms. the bbc ' s shaimaa khalil in islamabad says farzana parveen ' s death by stoning in broad daylight outside a court is shocking even by the standards of pakistan , where so-called honour killings are common .
pakistan ' s army ordered a reduction in u.s. military personnel operating inside the country on thursday in apparent protest at a unilateral american commando raid that killed osama bin laden . . we didn ’ t hear this bellicosity. it is also facing international charges it may have been harboring the al-qaida chief , given his location . the residents of abbottabad were still confused and ... ” at white house meetings wednesday , president obama ’ s national security advisers discussed how long to wait before delivering a sterner message to pakistan , what it should be and who should deliver it , the administration official said .
was the court clerk just being a dick , or is that roger ' s real last name ? " according to themedievalists.org " fuck " popped up seemingly by accident in 1278 as part of a translation of the german word " fulcher , " meaning soldier . first , that it applies to an actual event — a clumsy attempt ” dr paul booth is the honouray senior research fellow in history at keele university and co-director of the arts and humanities research council project : gascon rolls , 1317-1468. historians have come across earlier uses of the word in medieval england , but have doubted that it was being used as a sexual reference .
at the time of the report late wednesday night , he was in surgery . for what seemed like an eternity , they pressed down on the couple ' s wounds as they waited for police to arrive . the robberies occurred within two miles of each other and involved three people armed with black handguns . liberty-based ferrellgas announced later thursday that it has contributed $ 5,000 toward a reward to help catch the robbers . " i would talk to him and ask him questions callers can remain anonymous . their son was not injured . detectives released little about the four including when the four were taken into custody .
" race played a " persistent , pervasive and distorting role " in jury selection and couldn ' t be explained other than that " prosecutors have intentionally discriminated " against robinson and other capital defendants statewide , weeks said . nearly a dozen members of tornblom ' s family left the courtroom without commenting . recently announced plans to retire at the end of this year . williams is serving a life sentence . prosecutors , according robinson came close to death in january 2007 , but a judge blocked his scheduled execution . robinson ' s mother , shirley burns , said she would advocate for the law , which a new republican majority in the state ' s general assembly is trying to eliminate .
johnson said some of the bodies had been embalmed and were ready to be interred . “this is a funeral home . “that ’ s our priority to find closure for the families , ” bush said . ” no one story_separator_special_tag the owner of a fort worth mortuary where police say they found several unattended and unidentified bodies tuesday insists it ’ s all a misunderstanding . news tip ? she described them as good people . “here , or maybe somewhere else. “things happen in life , ” he said of the investigation .
" new jersey gov . pedestrians push through a wintry mix of snow and ice thursday in new york . the other occupants were taken to area hospitals with various injuries , miller said . de blasio said on new york 1 friday that the city " will do a full review of what happened here . one person was also killed thursday in canton , ohio , and another in maryland , police said . " if you have to go out , please drive slowly and allow for more time to get where you are going . the delays for buses caused a logjam of commuters thursday , forcing officials to close the doors at new york
a cage suspended beneath the drone extends through a hatch in the truck , where the drone can be lowered down and loaded up with another package . mercedes benz and drone tech startup matternet revealed plans to develop “vision vans , ” which launch matternet ’ s delivery drones from mercedes-benzs trucks , back in september of 2016. , already a ups technology supplier . by contrast , most consumer drones will only fly for about 22 minutes . elsewhere in the delivery-drone-filled skies , amazon completed its first residential drone-delivery in england in december , and recently filed a patent for a drone that could drop off packages by way of parachutes , electromagnets , or spring coils .
sadly , a dog did take ill and was indeed diagnosed with cancer , but the illness was not work-related and was not due to any activity related to production . “i think what people think [ it means ] is that when a horse dies in the movies , it didn ’ t really die , ” she says . more information on pr newswire can be found on their web site . this practice is vital . ( logo : http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101108/dc97343logo ) the article paints a picture that is completely unrecognizable to us or anyone who knows american humane association ' s work .
the queen met with prime minister theresa may at the palace and philip made an appearance at a london cricket club . now he will live out his final years in peace . throughout his life , philip has been known for his rambunctious personality , off the cuff remarks and the occasional public gaffe . story_separator_special_tag rumors spread wednesday that prince philip , the duke of edinburgh had passed away . ( associated press ) london ( ap ) — queen elizabeth ii ' s husband , prince philip , will stop carrying out public engagements this fall , buckingham palace announced thursday .
properties of this collection . " by jerome corsi , which debuted on the list out sunday , argues president obama is not a natural-born u.s. citizen and therefore cannot be president . for this collection , several things were done : 1. this one , the seed list was built from all 865 collections . the " birther " controversy was front-and-center earlier this year , as billionaire businessman and real estate mogul donald trump repeatedly discussed the issue while considering a run for the white house . turned off duplicate detection . john kerry that focused on the " swift boat " television ads .
eventually , he says , it was " my job to talk [ murphy ] into doing jeopardy . why is eddie wearing a multi-colored sweater ? eddie decides the laughs are not worth it . story_separator_special_tag according to a long series of tweets from comedian and former saturday night live star norm macdonald , eddie murphy refused to be part of a skit because he did not want to impersonate bill cosby . as presented online by snl , eddie murphy ’ s appearance still wasn ’ t funny , but it also was not nearly as painfully awkward .
he " was charged and pierced by a deer which stabbed him with his antlers , " a police spokesman said . although it is rare for someone not involved in the hunt to be killed it does happen , with walkers , mushroom pickers and even motorists killed by stray bullets in recent years . the death of the hunter in compiegne comes after several tragic accidents since the start of the season in september when hunters have accidentally shot each other . story_separator_special_tag file pic . this should serve as a lesson . " there was less sympathy for that argument on twitter where many linked the two incidents together with the hashtag " #karma " .
michael adebolajo and michael adebowale were named as suspects . " drummer rigby , 25 , was murdered on a street in woolwich , south-east london on wednesday afternoon . the driver , unable to draw her firearm , is saved by a male colleague in the back who fires his machine-gun through his window at a suspect who is charging at her . " image copyright daily mirror image caption this still from a video shows mr adebolajo after he was shot by police officers former metropolitan police commissioner , lord blair , told bbc radio he hoped the committee investigating how the suspects were monitored " would act fast " to establish what might have gone wrong .
turkey has shared recordings related to the killing of jamal khashoggi with saudi arabia , the united states , germany , france and britain , president recep tayyip erdogan said on saturday . later , riyadh conceded khashoggi was killed in a premeditated murder , but that the murder was an unplanned " rogue operation " . they have listened to all the conversations in them , " erdogan said . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . 2 killing . a senior turkish official similarly denied the reports . after insisting for more than two weeks that khashoggi had left the consulate , it then admitted the journalist had died in a fistfight inside the building .
that means for people living in the northern hemisphere , it ' s the longest night of the year . and why was our earliest sunset already two weeks ago ? scientists explain how we got this wrong . thanks to steve allen and ryan hardy for pointing it out . sunrise and sunset times in major u.s. cities on the december solstice . shortly after the formation of earth , it was impacted by a planet-sized object . look to the southwest ! the earth ' s rotation is gradually slowing on an extremely long timescale , but on a shorter year-to-year basis , geologic factors can alter the speed as well .
" of course , not every bourbon is required to mellow for decades before it ' s poured ; plenty can and do take considerably less time . it is the finest bourbons , those that are produced in limited supply and aged for 12 , 18 , or more years that have been the hardest to find in the mr. it ' s a matter of people 20 years ago making some bad drinks-buying decisions . johnson shelled out $ 107 for the bourbon and then headed to a nearby sam ’ s club , where he spent about $ 100 on ...
it should be emphasized that maternal genetic new research has found that a mother ' s height directly influences her risk for preterm birth . in our study samples , the genotype-based genetic score explained a substantial fraction ( ~20 % ) of variance in maternal height . the estimated effect sizes of the observed associations were respectively ~0.05 cm/cm for birth length , ~10 g/cm for birth weight , and ~0.34 d/cm for gestational age per 1 cm change in maternal height , which are in the same range as previous reports for fetal growth [ 20 ] and gestational age [ 15 ] .
( associated press ) joey chestnut laughs as he stands on the scale during the official weigh-in for the nathan ' s fourth of july hot dog eating contest , wednesday , july 3 , 2013 at city hall park in new york . his personal best and the record is 68 hot dogs and buns . the 100-pound thomas went toe-to-toe with juliet lee with a second to spare . ( ap photo/mary ... check back soon for further information . ) eaten when the results were tallied . in short , it ' s an event that devours puns .
" kanye was eating kim up like she was a piece of cake , " said an onlooker , who has a bright future in tabloids . it ' s ridiculous . kim kardashian wants to simplify her life khloe kardashian wants to go blonde again , but kris jenner won ’ t let her ! “they were both cheating on me and reggie with each other. she cried , and she got very , very angry . [ page six ] from hate to love , rooney redeems herself by talking about the finer points of merkin artistry .
" sandy is haunting halloween by : - soaking celebrations . “it ’ s a really important holiday for the kids but there ’ s going to be a lot of aftermath and cleanup and story_separator_special_tag a casket floated out of the grave in a cemetery in crisfield , md . ( ap photo/alex brandon ) an ambulance is submerged in floodwaters in the wake of superstorm sandy on tuesday , oct. scroll down for new information. , told the hartford courant . 30 , 2012. " ( this story has been updated . east greenwich , glassboro , mantua , south harrison , west deptford , westville , woodbury and woodbury heights have all postponed halloween until the weekend .
richard pananian of burbank was killed , according to lt. a 20-year-old man died friday in a high-speed rollover crash on the southbound golden state ( 5 ) freeway that propelled him onto a 20-foot-tall freeway sign , authorities said . the fiesta then veered right , out of control , and overturned multiple times . the f-150 driver , who had two passengers in his truck , was not injured , nor were his passengers . the incident happened in the griffith park area , bordering on the northern section of the atwater village neighborhood of los angeles .
shepard and a.a. milne worked together on four books - winnie-the-pooh ( 1926 ) , the house at pooh corner ( 1928 ) , a poem about the bear in verse book when we were very young ( 1924 ) and now we are six ( 1927 ) . the e.h. shepard images have not been seen in public for nearly 50 years . ' christopher robin ' , a new film based on milne ' s characters , is due to be released by disney in august . a.a. milne was born in hampstead , london , in 1882.
an officer and a gentleman ! ' removed portions of his uniform ' " concerned for the immediate well-being of the dog , one of our officers removed portions of his uniform , took hold of one end of a rescue rope , and with his co-workers holding the other end , he made his way to the dog , " wrote const . 💕🙌 — @lushuslulu @vancouverpd wow amazing pictures ! thank u peter ... learn more you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history . in june 2016 , the constable and another officer raced into the water to aid a person in obvious distress .
" read more story_separator_special_tag facing an uproar over revelations that he mismanaged past cases of clerical sexual abuse , cardinal donald wuerl , the roman catholic archbishop of washington , sent a letter informing his priests on tuesday that he plans to discuss his resignation with pope francis in rome . the report said the numbers of actual victims and abusers could be much higher . mcfadden said he did not know when the meeting would occur . last week ’ s report was the most wide-ranging u.s. investigation into sexual abuse by priests since the scandal burst into the public eye in boston in 2002 .
) . " ( youtube/john boehner ) ahead of president obama ' s prime-time address announcing his plans to take executive action on immigration policy , house speaker john a. obama ’ s sweeping changes to the u.s .... ( associated press ) oregonians despite expanded powers and some new titles , soon-to-be senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ( r-ky. but make no mistake . raúl grijalva ( d-ariz. luis gutiérrez ( d-ill. linda sanchez ( d-calif. ted cruz ( r-texas ) . 20 , 2014 , in houston . " rep. " so there ' s plenty of time for the republicans — in fact even two weeks when we come back [ in december ] — to pass an immigration bill .
we are in the era of motion-controlled video games . throughout " lisa ' s wedding " , pretty much every home and building shown has a small satellite dish on top . for trying to transition to hardcore sex channels . but many people do , and we all , at least , have the option . and while it ' s not exactly the wii or the kinect or the playstation we ' re-so-late-to-this-motion-controlled-party-that-the-kegs-are-tapped-and-the-hosts-are-in-pajamas ... even a generation that grew up eating paste as children can ' t really choke them down . more and more celebrities getting arrested .
“we ’ re not going to raise the debt ceiling without real cuts in spending , ” boehner , an ohio republican , told reporters in washington yesterday . the gop leaders cited house legislation to approve the keystone oil sands pipeline , reduce regulations and delay implementation of the 2010 healthcare law as proposals opposed by the white house that would help the economy . the speaker ’ s words make for a hard-line negotiating position for republicans heading into yet another debt showdown with obama . taxes were allowed to rise , but only on incomes over $ 400,000 .
" the official said that " vickers is one of america ' s top defense and intelligence professionals who has closely guarded secrets for decades , and is highly respected in the department of defense and the intelligence community . “that doesn ’ t mean they will do anything with it . he ’ s been frequently mentioned as a candidate to replace retired army gen. in a dec. these things often take time . . . names of members of that team are not to be disclosed because of the potential for violent retaliation . “when it comes to even the slightest hint that there may have been an unauthorized disclosure of classified information , there ’ s actually little choice but to contact justice , ” a senior defense official said .
" he walked up to me and said ' boss i found this envelope it feels like it has a lot of money in it , ' " emmons said . thank you ! 2.2k shares share tweet donate copy , paste &amp; share : https://www.gofundme.com/fsfhh5r8 what is gofundme ? he would work more hours if they were available . darrell cox . he paid and left , not realizing he forgot something very important behind . as american as apple pie and a cheeseburger . " shocked by the amount ... we are trying to raise money for thumper to help them out through his hard times .
he was taken into custody in the town of constable , in upstate new york , very close to the canadian border . law enforcement experts stressed sunday that it “that ’ s when he got hold of the authorities. behind bars , sweat and matt cozied up to a prison tailor and a guard who allegedly brought them tools , which they used to cut their way through a labyrinth of multiple barriers and underground passageways . cnn exclusive photo : david sweat during his capture . d ' amico told reporters . he was probably miserable .
coli ( stec ) . " we were distressed to learn a fatality may be related to an e.coli contamination of one of our products , " it said . ( associated press ) file - in this jan. ( ap ) — a colorado meatpacker is recalling more than 132,000 pounds ( 60,000 kilograms ) of ground beef after a suspected e. regulators warned that people should also check for the products in their freezers . [ distribution list pdf ] on aug. washington , sept. the u.s .... 86r ” inside the usda mark of inspection .
a confrontation over race at yale : hundreds of students demand answers from college ’ s first black dean “on the front lines for free speech at yale ” isaac stanley-becker , a senior at yale , writes about the fallout . " she wrote . christakis said she has resigned her teaching role to return to her work with young children and families . in this nov. 30 . after the march , dozens of faculty members contributed to an open letter showing support for christakis , who taught courses on child development and psychology . she wrote in an email to students living in the residence hall where she ' s an administrator that they should be able to wear any costume they want .
" meanwhile , arthur rathburn ' s case is headed toward trial , which will be full of grisly exhibits and allegations that he committed many crimes , like cutting up bodies with chainsaws , shipping blood-filled coolers of fresh heads on commercial airliners — falsely claiming the blood was listerine — and storing more than 1,000 body parts on ice at his warehouse . an attorney for rathburn did not immediately return a call for comment . according to her lawyer , the birthday gesture caused her " distress . she dealt with the customers . brains can fetch $ 600 ; elbows and hands $ 850 .
one disadvantage for clinton is diminished voter enthusiasm . while clinton and trump retain most of their support when johnson and stein are included , slightly more of clinton ’ s supporters move to johnson or stein , compared to trump ’ s supporters . do you smell that in the air ? this is the first national poll in which cbs news and the new york times have measured the presidential race among likely voters . john mccain had built a lead over barack obama before the economy collapsed on september 15 , 2008 ; mccain never recovered .
the first anniversary of a fatal gang rape in india has been stirring fresh debate on women ' s rights . prosecutors said it was an assault that shocked india ' s collective conscience . flowers and candles are placed near a placard reading : “damini ” , a symbolic name given to a gang-raped victim , in new delhi , india , monday , dec. 16 last year which led to the woman ’ s ... four of those convicted were later sentenced to death by hanging . i still feel scared to go out beyond 11 at night .
one : it ’ ll prove that he ’ s dead . " white house press secretary jay carney spoke yesterday about the " sensitivities involved " in releasing the " gruesome " and potentially " inflammatory " photos , and mused about whether allowing their publication would " serve or in any way harm our interests " at home and abroad . slate ' s complete coverage is rounded up here . for the most up-to-date-coverage , visit theslatest . bin laden ' s body should have been preserved as long as necessary to gather all relevant evidence , notwithstanding the requirements of shariah law .
he was arrested nov. “corey and i were pegged as the scapegoats . who cares ? and his job as a production assistant at one of the nation ' s most prominent producers of children ' s television programs , nickelodeon , gave him access to child actors on and off the set , and allowed him to exchange email addresses and phone numbers with them.he used the hopes of at least two girls who dreamed of careers in tv to sexually exploit them.handy was sentenced to six years in prison after pleading no contest in 2004 to two felony counts , one of lewd acts on a child and one of distributing sexually explicit material by email , and to a misdemeanor charge related to child sexual exploitation .
" in a brooklyn federal court filing , prosecutors cited the 34-year-old new york pharmaceutical industry entrepreneur ' s offer of $ 5,000 to anyone who would " grab " some of clinton ' s hair for him during her upcoming book tour . it was just a prank , bro ! while shkreli may be laughing now , he is facing as much as 20 years in prison for his crimes . his defense lawyers also plan to appeal the convictions . ” clearly , he thinks the government is lacking a sense of humor . 14 hearing for legal arguments on the issue .
" jackson is scheduled to hear testimony wednesday on whether the state ' s current heat remediation measures — one cold shower a day , ice chests in their cells and fans outside — are adequately protecting the plaintiffs as louisiana ' s sweltering summer approaches . most of the money has gone to private attorneys on opposing sides of the case , which the judge said could ultimately cost many more millions of dollars . " it just seems so unnecessary . ( associated press ) baton rouge , la . " he asked . " is this really what the state wants to do ?
see also : this chinese mall has become a prison for animals pressure increases on “world ’ s saddest zoo ” after animals asia report the tragic polar bear that suffers for selfies " world ' s saddest zoo " bosses invite animals asia to discuss concerns here ’ s the problem that we face every single day in working with captive animals in asia . opened on january 9 , 2016 , the grandview aquarium has already drawn accusations of neglect in care . you should know ? threatening frequently changes little – while walking away changes nothing .
" the government has now successfully accessed the data stored on farook ' s iphone and therefore no longer requires the assistance from apple inc. apple had publicly said in court that it would resist all efforts to force its compliance . donahue assistant united states attorney chief , national security division tracy l. ( cr 199. apple did not immediately respond to ars ' request for comment . court reporter dan levine of reuters confirmed the decision on twitter . cm 16-10 ( sp ) government ’ s status report 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 applicant united states of america , by and through its counsel of record , the united states attorney for the central district of california , hereby files this status report called for by the court ’ s order issued on march 21 , 2016 .
it ' s clash of the titans ! but that number is small in comparison to the 3d sensation afforded by , oh , “how to train your dragon , ” which was made expressly for the 3d format , or even “alice in wonderland , ” which , like “clash , ” was retrofit for 3d but with a more studied hand . old ideas make me comfortable . hot chicks are hot . folks don ’ t buy that anymore . it cost millions to make ! and it also feels like not one single person involved with the production could give two hoots .
" " these are the kind of general statements that the department of education should be able to distribute in a timely fashion , " he said . zuschlag said during the meeting with edgar , the administrator told him he was no longer welcome at the school because he was transgender and planned to continue that journey . ” not only would zuschlag be denied valedictorian honors , he was banned from the school , he said . i ' ll just excel here . thank you. he decided then to transfer to noble high school in north berwick , maine , where he said he now feels accepted .
the accident on mariner energy inc. " it ' s dispiriting , but it shouldn ' t be an impediment to progress , " lee hunt , president of the international association of drilling contractors , said of thursday ' s accident . that accident killed 11 workers and unleashed the worst offshore oil spill in u.s. history . during a shutdown , liquid hydrocarbons migrated into a fuel gas scrubber , triggering the fire and causing $ 40,435 in damage . possible violations were reported in at least six , and the company was fined three times .
” of his routine , gosselin bills it as an “integral ” part of the evening . " gosselin also revealed he ' s performing in the nightclub ' s men untamed revue show , exclusively telling et his first night is april 1st . story_separator_special_tag you ’ ve seen jon gosselin minus kate — now see him minus his clothes ! -reporting by jennifer peros fridays . i dj at the club sometimes , but i find promotion is more rewarding both financially and emotionally . a request for comment from gosselin ’ s rep wasn ’ t immediately returned .
“all because a stranger didn ’ t like how i dressed. hannah pewee shared a photo of her outfit and a rundown of her experience at michigan ' s woodland mall . i am so angry right now i ' m shaking . " apparently some anonymous person reported me to mall security for inappropriate dress and i was kicked out , " she explains . look away ! in aka , really hot . we work to create a fun and safe shopping and dining destination but failed to deliver on that message for this shopper .
a suspect is in custody -- and the red volvo suv was located in jefferson county . , according to milwaukee police . share police released this security camera photo of the suspect during a strong-arm robbery of a brookfield gas station . story_separator_special_tag please enable javascript to watch this video milwaukee -- an amber alert was issued on sunday night , november 15th for a critically missing three-year-old girl -- who went missing when the suv she was in was stolen on the city ' s north side . chambers st. around 6 : 50 p.m. the vehicle that was stolen was described as a red , four-door , 2013 volvo xc60 suv .
gavin paul zimmerman , 19 , of west haven , was serving in the sydney mission , according to a news release from the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints . mr pesce said the incident was " extremely sad " and urged those frequenting the popular clifftop viewing area not to endanger themselves by climbing fences or venturing too close to the edge . ” his parents ’ statement read . the 19-year-old died after falling from a cliff the australian broadcasting corp. lifeguards retrieved him from the water but were unable to revive him , the mayor said .
buy photo lacey spears , 26 , enters state supreme court on tuesday , to be arraigned on murder and manslaughter charges in the death of her five-year-old son , garnett . “she was kind of stoic when she came here . web extra : read the indictment authorities believe the mother tortured her son medically for years and might have suffered from munchausen syndrome by proxy , a psychiatric illness in which a parent sickens a child to gain attention and sympathy . christopher calabrese told young . because garnett died in westchester county , police there are handling the case .
the atlantic ' s marc ambinder wrote that the story " suggest[ s ] a broad and deliberate information operation designed to influence public opinion on the course of the war . in an interview with yahoo ! maybe you were still in school when i broke the nsa story , i don ' t know . just last we would never jerk off in our only article of clothing . shortly after hanging up , risen regained his composure and called back . david h. ouch . " sounds like someone needs a nappy-poo . advertisement continue reading the main story “there is stunning potential here , ” gen.
wade president donald trump said on friday that he wouldn ’ t ask supreme court candidates about roe v. he met with a group of swing-state senators from both parties at the white house on thursday to discuss the nomination , and his aides also spoke with more than a dozen other senators . four — 10th circuit judge allison eid , 6th circuit judge joan larsen , court of appeals of the armed forces judge margaret ryan and 7th circuit judge diane sykes — were on lists released during the 2016 presidential campaign . the fbi is still conducting background checks , the person said .
zoe averianov , from hebden bridge , was 10 when she threw the note as she went on holiday on a ferry from hull to belgium on 12 september 1990. her letter had read : " dear finder , my name is zoe lemon . i have a hamster called sparkle and fish called speckle . “the first thing i saw was my handwriting as a child and my little letter saying who i was and about my pets and my hobbies . it made me a bit emotional. men zoe lemon as a schoolgirl , with her letter piet was walking his dog in the oosterschelde dykes , near where he and his wife jacqueline live in serooskerke , when he found the bottle with zoe ’ s letter inside .
while bush said that florida ' s education success is the product of state initiative , he complimented president barack obama ' s contribution to education policy . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . introducing bush to the conference , ncsl president don balfour called bush a " true pro " who " did not abandon reforms in tough times , but reversed a generation of decline . period . " all kids can learn . a jeb bush candidacy would perpetuate the bush political dynasty which includes the presidencies of his father and brother .
three french workers are to appear before a court on charges of theft after they stole a treasure trove of gold bars and coins from a house they were working on , a local newspaper reported on monday . for them it was " finders keepers " . file photo : franck rumpenhorst/afp published : 11 aug 2014 08 : 54 gmt+02 : 00 updated : 11 aug 2014 08 : 54 gmt+02 : 00 it ' s perhaps every builder ' s dream or even nightmare . " you know , nobody knows about this story , even my children do not know ...
while you next take a sip , ponder this , too : the fact that earth ’ s water is so old bodes well for our hunt for wet environments — and , for life — elsewhere in the universe . story_separator_special_tag water with a high deuterium content can only form under specific conditions . the findings show that heavy hydrogen levels on earth are higher than they would have been in the protoplanetary disk . scientists know that water accompanied the sun ’ s birth but wondered if it might have been destroyed in the process of the sun ’ s formation , leaving earth to go it alone in stirring up its own water .
he was 82. " when he first started he was selling out of a van , and he ' d see people who had no shoes or horrible shoes and he ' d say , " here ' s a pair of boots , give me a dollar a week , that sort of thing , " the son recalled . in this nov. yufe grew up jewish in trinidad and became an officer in the israeli navy . why? their cultural differences were as immediately apparent as their physical similarities . seeking to identify how environmental and genetic factors contributed to psychological traits , the
" he is taking comfort in the fact that she ' s with her mother , and that there will be no more sadness or pain . the houston family released a statement to the media sunday evening to confirm the death of bobbi kristina brown . the aspiring singer was found unresponsive by her boyfriend , nick gordon , in a bathtub at her roswell , georgia , home . brown ! brown died ... we want to again thank everyone for their tremendous amount of love and support these last few months. brown had been hospitalized since jan.
chief muncey said officer parker turned himself in to the limestone county sheriff ' s office on the assault charge . " he was doing it yesterday and today ... he ' s just kind of walking around close to the garage . sureshbhai faces a long recovery and is only beginning to regain feeling in his arms and one leg.the family has hired a local attorney to sue the madison police department . " he ' s a skinny black guy , he ' s got a toboggan on , he ' s really skinny . the incident took place the morning of friday , february 6.
it ' s a good scene that goes on long enough to leave a simmer in your blood . " jackie robinson , " he wrote . all you get is the lessons learned and very little of the naturalism or idiosyncrasy or personality that made the person iconic in the first place . it ' s usually that the subjects mean so much to the filmmakers that they can ' t bring themselves to take the subjects out of their historical packaging and play with them , lest they lose their value . my father nodded agreement . ( but robinson already knows this .
it ' s a bothie . grid view photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge photo by tom warren / the verge hmd offers camera tricks instead of superior design instead of design superiority , hmd is offering some camera tricks .
mann was named in the " yaks " and she had said that she feared for her safety , though it ' s unclear whether her murder was related to the harassment on yik yak . police have not commented on an alleged motive . ( reza a. “if we receive any complaints , we investigate them and offer extra security as needed , ” said school spokeswoman anna billingsley . authorities say that grace rebecca mann , a 20-year-old from mclean , va. with the help of the national women ' s rights organization feminist majority foundation and attorneys debra katz and lisa banks , the campus group brought a title ix complaint to the department of education on thursday .
weight watchers said thursday that it would seek to cut $ 100 million in costs and that lesya lysyj , its president of north america operations , would leave the company . “however , more aesthetically minded consumers will still choose watches , as fitness-focused devices will prioritize function over form , ” juniper notes in a report . story_separator_special_tag weight watchers shares dropped the most since their market debut more than 13 years ago , after the dieting company ’ s earnings forecast fell well short of analysts ’ expectations . ” new york-based weight watchers has embraced activity trackers .
an opinion poll released this week said 49 percent of mexicans believe the government ' s drug war has been a failure , compared to 33 percent who said it has been a success . mexico will send more ... " we share the common goal of keeping our communities safe . ( associated press ) the new mission , " coordinated operation northeast , " aims to reinforce government authority in tamaulipas and nuevo leon _ the two states under the heaviest attack since the formerly allied gulf and zetas gangs split . katherine cesinger , spokeswoman for texas gov .
here ' s a look at some of the funniest lines of the night : jimmy fallon gets political in golden globes monologue jimmy fallon wasted no time making jokes about story_separator_special_tag the 74th annual golden globe awards had one big winner this year — " la la land . “i don ’ t mean to be gloomy ; it ’ s just that it has the words ‘hollywood , ’ ‘foreign , ’ and ‘press ’ in the title. best moments billy bob thorton vs. then , she seamlessly segued into an tribute to the florence foster jenkins star ' s talent .
in addition to serving as an assistant professor at columbia university ' s school of international and public affairs , he is also a resident physician at mt . singh and simran jeet singh wrote an op-ed in the story_separator_special_tag last night , i received the kind of phone call that everyone dreads : a close friend was hurt , and on his way to the hospital . this past may an elderly sikh gentleman was brutally beaten with a steel pipe in fresno , california , and in march a sikh male was shot while driving just outside of orlando , florida .
in " up in the air , " that ironic take on the cramped freneticism of airport life , george clooney explains why he always follows asians in the security line : " they pack light , travel efficiently , and they got a thing for slip-on story_separator_special_tag airport scanners , pat-downs and tens of thousands of new federal employees have made searches too intrusive but haven ’ t made us any safer . time to fix this broken system . by robert w. obvious candidates include cockpit crews and those already holding government security clearances . don ' t touch my junk , obamacare - get out of my doctor ' s examining room , i ' m wearing a paper-thin gown slit down the back .
singer etta james , known best for her iconic recording of " at last , " is gravely ill , diagnosed with dementia and undergoing treatment for leukemia , according to court documents . she also battled obesity and had gastric bypass surgery in 2001. james hasn ' t been on stage since suffering a urinary tract infection that led to sepsis in early 2010. dr. mills has challenged the power of attorney in court documents . the beverly hills doctor said she and other medical staff give james continuous medical care and supervision in the singer ' s home in the woodcrest area , near riverside .
mr burns is forced to acknowledge that " it ’ s impossible to control all the media , well unless of course you ’ re rupert murdoch ” . a spokesperson for news international , news corp. ” and “hahaha ! read the latest on the phone hacking scandal . ” the lead police investigator on the phone-hacking case , andy hayman , left the metropolitan police in december 2007 after questions were raised in the news media about business expenses he had filed and the nature of his relationship with a woman who worked for the independent police complaints commission .
full steering control is currently being worked on . background : hackers take over a jeep driving down the highway at 70 mph the company says that it ’ s also “applied network-level security measures to prevent the type of remote manipulation demonstrated in a recent media report , ” presumably referring to the report in wired earlier this week that detailed the jeep hack . " story_separator_special_tag yikes . " it adds that it ' s " conducting this campaign out of an abundance of caution . fiat chrysler announced on friday that it ’ s recalling 1.4 million automobiles due to concerns about their software security .
said wednesday it would raise the hourly pay for its u.s. employees to $ 9 in june and $ 10 in june 2015 , after the white house said the minimum wage for federal contract workers would be raised to $ 10.10 an hour . gap inc. our position has not changed . " we remain neutral . -reuters and nbc news staff wal-mart is expected to report fourth-quarter results on thursday . alex brandon / ap gap , owner of old navy , banana republic , gap , athleta and piperlime apparel chains , said the increased pay will benefit about 65,000 store employees .
” the footage of alex wubbels ' arrest is disturbing . a salt lake city police detective asked for a blood sample . ” police spokeswoman christina judd declined to say if the second officer put on leave was tracy . ” in payne ’ s report of the episode , he writes that lt. budge said such a request is routine , especially involving serious injury or fatal accidents , despite the fact that gray was not a suspect in the crash . wubbels screams , ” stop ! ” i want to be clear , we take this very seriously.
the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph story_separator_special_tag people.com : jennifer aniston and her boyfriend justin theroux have taken the plunge – the pair have officially moved in together , a source tells people .
davidson . what to know a 15-year veteran of the fdny died from his injuries he suffered while battling a massive fire at a movie set for an ed norton film michael davidson leaves behind his wife and four young children after he died in the blaze on st. warning : audio may be distressing to some . marc santia and erica byfield report . nicholas avenue and 149th street , the fdny said early friday . they called the fire department around 11 p.m. thursday . the crew rushed to the basement , but the fdny said once they got down there , the fire got worse , forcing the firefighters to retreat from the building .
’ ’ darvish , the japanese he made a mistake , and we ' ve just got to learn from it . if i offended him , i apologize . tv cameras caught gurriel , a cuban , making a slant-eyed gesture and laughing after his home run off darvish kick-started a four-run second inning . ... you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . hinch described gurriel as " remorseful . everybody ' s different . " astros manager a.j . " quite the opposite . in particular , he was 1-for-7 with one strikeout this season against darvish .
crew-less boats or vessels with bodies on board , known as " ghost ships " and thought to be north korean fishing boats , regularly wash up in japan . the officials are working to confirm where they - and the eight found on monday - came from . but it starts to get choppy when november comes . the discovery took place in the northern akita prefecture . kyodo news agency reported that the coast guard suspected the boat and its occupants had come from north korea . in the latest incident , japanese broadcaster nhk said the boat , measuring about 7m ( 23ft ) long , was found on a beach near oga city on sunday .
people ' s pockets . " as you know i participated in a major way in a straw poll four years ago , " romney said in addressing his decision to forego the straw poll during an appearance on fox news ' " hannity " on wednesday night . of course they are . everything corporations earn ultimately goes to the people . ” the tentative front-runner for the gop presidential nomination accused the hecklers of wanting to raise taxes . really ? human beings my friend . former massachusetts gov . the back-and-forth persisted throughout the q-and-a period , which took place at the register ’ s booth at the iowa state fair .
dianne feinstein for releasing the transcript of an interview with the co-founder of a political opposition firm that commissioned a dossier of allegations about trump ' s presidential campaign and russia . republicans should finally take control ! there was no collusion , everybody including the dems knows there was no collusion , &amp; yet on and on it goes . story_separator_special_tag washington ( ap ) — president donald trump is lashing out at sen. " adds trump : " must have tough primary ! he says she released the testimony " totally without authorization . the single greatest witch hunt in american history continues .
was made to sound a fool , and that ' s what i am dealing with ! bob corker , retiring republican senator from tennessee and chairman of the foreign relations committee , has been earning twitter plaudits for his sorties against president trump . like these would have changed anyone ’ s mind . moreover , it ’ s not clear that “concerns� ? you know , i told people , i didn ’ t intend to serve more than two terms , that ’ s been a really big drag on me . no : reporters do have to keep confidences , and i conveyed the substance of this case as best i could during the trump time capsule series through the election .
in flight , they used an " a-b " call to make their whereabouts known , but when alerting chicks to food they combined the sounds differently to make " b-a-b " . this babbler bird communication is reminiscent of the way humans form meaningful words . humans aren ' t the only creatures that string sounds together to convey unique meanings . engesser and her colleagues first noticed that the birds reused two sounds , a and b , in different arrangements while engaging in specific behaviors . ” she added . the findings could help in the understanding of how language evolved in humans , researchers report in the online journal plos biology .
clinton : on it . but power is fluid in washington , and it ' s wielded in ever-changing ways , from the city ' s establishment bosses to its hungry young strivers . the secretary of now , she ’ s fueling internet jokes based on her own brand of badass cool . “you realize your job may sort of suck if you . at least for us . no . ” and clinton ’ s popularity — including with republicans — has never been higher , prompting yet another boomlet of interest in a 2016 presidential run .
lamar ' s wins at madison square garden in new york city included best rap album , best rap song , best rap performance , best rap/sung performance and best music video . he has a career total of 12 grammys . " we always try to make great records ... janelle monae introduced the performance with strong words . " it ' s not just going on in hollywood . luke . and i guess this is a testament to that , " stapleton said . jay-z , the leading nominee with eight , walked away empty handed sunday — a year after his wife lost album of the year to adele , causing fans and peers to criticize the recording academy for not properly rewarding beyonce ' s bold " lemonade " project .
wagner told the times in 2008 that the argument concerned how much of one ' s personal life should be sacrificed in pursuit of one ' s career ; he was upset that walken was advocating that wood give her all to her art , even at the expense of her husband and children . a book suggesting foul play ... it is a general homicide investigation for now , and will take " a long time to complete . saying , related : archives : natalie wood ' s death robert wagner supports inquiry into natalie wood ' s death natalie wood investigation prompted by boat captain ' s comments -- andrew blankstein , richard winton and sam allen photo : 1981 los angeles times front page .
e wit " in t " e &a ' a " ( na ! during the month of december the number of incubating males outnumber that of incubating females 15 : 1. ti$ ! black mantle and upperwings . able in$ ormation abo ! the tsunami killed an estimated 2,000 adult albatrosses and about 110,000 chicks in the wildlife refuge . mok ! l creat ! nity to meas ! feeding habits primarily nocturnal feeders . no quit in this one . laying begins in mid-november . dark eye patch . ary 3 , / 01 .
" monalisa perez , of halstad , was charged wednesday with second-degree manslaughter in the death of pedro ruiz iii . to help persuade her to pull the trigger , mr. ruiz ' s aunt , lisa primeau , told the star-tribune that her nephew was always chasing a thrill and " putting a dangerous twist on everything he did . in that case , she said , the bullet had not gone all the way through the text . story_separator_special_tag little girl finds a secret room in her house that leads into an even wilder surprise - duration : 5 : 10.
" he said . cecilia catholic church in dallas . but some are furious the public is just now learning about it and that the accused priest is missing one man who says he was victimized as a child by a dallas priest did not want his name used or face shown . bishop edward burns told parishioners over the weekend the dallas diocese has hired two private investigators to try to track paredes down . 19 : clergy abuse hotline calls ' surging ' after scathing grand jury report ► aug. patrick , johnson served at st.
the texas republican has been calling and emailing lawmakers seeking support for a potential bid to replace cantor , according to several sources and a sessions aide . the meeting was announced as the house begins to grapple with one of the most unforeseen instances of the toppling of a congressional leader in recent political history . jim jordan ( ohio ) , cathy mcmorris rodgers ( wash. 2 spot . reps. peter roskam have all but openly declared they are running for the whip slot . the positioning wasn ’ t going to explode into the public until after the midterms but cantor ’ s shocking primary loss on tuesday upended that timetable .
" she says . and i didn ' t look at her ass . " her voice is a raspy frequency in the air . johansson ' s recent credits include the films " lucy , " ' ' chef , " and " captain america : the winter soldier . 4 , her rep confirms to people . she bites the inside of her cheek when she thinks . legitimately as pertinent and defining a component story_separator_special_tag ( click prev or next to continue viewing images. daughter elizabella dylan bugliari arrived weighing 7 lbs. and measured 19½ inches long .
” read next : big beer ’ s 5-point plan to crush the craft beer revolution a big reason people were upset with the ad is that budweiser ’ s parent company , anheuser-busch inbev , is clearly infatuated with craft beer , and the message was hypocritical . ) not a fruit finally , we will not be attending the wicked weed funkatorium invitational in july . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . you are being mocked , yet again , during the most widely watched tv event of the year , the super bowl .
the defense has previously contended that he fired by mistake , thinking he was about to be attacked by an assailant in the toilet and that steenkamp was in the bedroom . pretoria , south africa ( ap ) — the chief prosecutor in oscar pistorius ' murder trial said thursday the double-amputee athlete ' s lawyers have floated more than one theory in a dishonest attempt to defend against a murder charge for his killing of girlfriend reeva steenkamp . 7 , 2014. on thursday and friday , both sides will summarize their versions ... " unless , of course , you want to work on a saturday and perhaps sunday , after church , " she said , smiling .
story_separator_special_tag video shows a suspect involved in the shooting death of nicholas walker and a third man in a black 2012 buick gs around the time of the shooting . “he had no idea he called 911 , ” moschella said . crime stoppers will pay up to $ 1,000 for information that leads to an arrest . fire rescue put out the flames . bryan tutler at 954-321-4281. i want them to catch them all , " joyce walker said . bso spokeswoman dani moschella said walker died at the scene from gunshot wounds . investigators said walker was entering interstate 95 south at commercial boulevard when he was shot multiple times .
he said : " there has been a request for assistance from london ' s metropolitan police to the new south wales police through the australian federal police . it is investigating whether 2day fm breached its licence conditions or industry rules . station bosses continue to stress that no laws were broken and that the pre-recorded spoof interview had been scrutinised and approved by lawyers before it was aired . an inquest into the apparent suicide is due to be opened this week . they are truly tragic . she is recuperating after receiving hospital treatment for severe morning sickness .
michelle obama ’ s goodbye fete wednesday on “the tonight show ” was way more upbeat than president obama ’ s emotional farewell address to the nation . “when i think about the fact that some of them are afraid of the future , of what is to come . you better take your test . ” she cried at her final event in the white house last week and fallon asked her why . ... you ' ll also find behind the scenes videos and other great web exclusives . subscribe now to the tonight show starring jimmy fallon : http://bit.ly/1nwt1an watch the tonight show starring jimmy fallon weeknights 11 : 35/10 : 35c get more jimmy fallon : follow jimmy : http://twitter.com/jimmyfallon like jimmy : https://facebook.com/jimmyfallon get more the tonight show starring jimmy fallon : follow the tonight show : http://twitter.com/fallontonight like the tonight show : https://facebook.com/fallontonight the tonight show tumblr : http://fallontonight.tumblr.com/ get more nbc : nbc youtube : http://bit.ly/1dm1qbh like nbc : http://facebook.com/nbc follow nbc : http://twitter.com/nbc nbc tumblr : http://nbctv.tumblr.com/ nbc google+ : https://plus.google.com/+nbc/posts the tonight show starring jimmy fallon features hilarious highlights from the show including : comedy sketches , music parodies , celebrity interviews , ridiculous games , and , of course , jimmy ' s thank you notes and hashtags !
the white house said on thursday the united states would impose visa restrictions on ugandans it believes have been involved in human rights violations , including gay rights . story_separator_special_tag story highlights u.s. pulls funding from uganda ' s government move is in response to uganda ' s anti-gay law washington also cancels a planned military exercise uganda ' s president signed measure earlier this year uganda ' s government institutions will lose u.s. funding as punishment for a law signed earlier this year by president yoweri museveni that makes some homosexual acts punishable by life in prison . ___ associated press writer edith m.
flynn . trump . in her long-awaited first public accounting of her dealings with the trump administration , yates testified that she explicitly warned white house counsel donald mcgahn in january that former national security adviser michael flynn had been compromised and could be a target for russian blackmail . the president presented the accusation against ms. leaks trump all else . photo 2. yates told the senate judiciary subcommittee . trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) director clapper reiterated what everybody , including the fake media already knows- there is " no evidence " of collusion w/ russia and trump .
and while it ’ s common for young people in australia and all over the world to drive tractors or other vehicles at young ages , this boy managed to drive on major roads for an entire day without being found out or being harmed . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . australia kendall broken hill perth new south wales great australian bight canberra melbourne indian ocean 500 miles australia kendall broken hill new south wales canberra melbourne indian ocean 500 miles how far is that ? you must select a newsletter to subscribe to .
the father of a 2-year-old girl who died after she was left in a hot car for more than 16 hours in baltimore ' s belair-edison neighborhood has been arrested , police said . he went there , and found his daughter still buckled into her car seat . photos leasia carter " it never crossed my mind that something like that would happen , " said teresa moon , leasia ' s great-aunt . around midnight , he said , a friend drove his car to brendan avenue . he ' s grieving hard . stanley brandford said .
john the theologian ) , st. in addition to these lead tube reliquaries , three others are kept in germany and four in the usa , all of which were produced in jerusalem and have depictions of john the apostle ' s grave in turkey was also a pilgrimage site for early christians seeking healing , ancient origins reports . timothy in ephesus . thecla ( or tecla ) in seleucia , mesopotamia ; the grave of st. john the theologian ) is really tiny : it is only 2.2 cm ( less than an inch ) long , and its diameter measures 1.7 cm .
" camel was a hybrid extensive dna analysis showed that the animal was a hybrid : its mother was a dromedary and its father a bactrian camel . funding : em and rf were supported by the austrian science foundation fwf project ( p24706-b25 ) to p. significant finds revealed large parts of the medieval and the early modern town including several building plots of an urban district [ 1 ] . https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0121235 academic editor : serge muyldermans , vrije universiteit brussel , belgium received : october 30 , 2014 ; accepted : january 28 , 2015 ; published : april 1 , 2015 copyright : © 2015 galik et al .
the archbishop of los angeles , jose gomez , wrote in a letter to worshippers that bishop zavala told him in december that he was the father of two teenage children . — popular and approachable , zavala was widely known by his first name . tamberg said : " those are questions for bishop zavala to answer . he has campaigned against the death penalty and for immigrants ' rights . then , from his pulpit , he became a forceful champion for social and economic justice.bishop resigns : an article in the jan. bishop zavala is 60 and was born in mexico .
voters in 6 of the 11 rural counties that were voting on whether to ask their commissioners to pursue creating a new state have said no . phillips county went 62 percent for and 38 against ; sedgwick went 57 percent against and 42.9 percent for ; cheyenne county voters cast 62 percent of ballots for and 37.7 against ; and in yuma county , 59 percent of the vote went for the breakaway and 41 percent against . story_separator_special_tag fort lupton , colo. ( rj sangosti , the denver post ) secession is a difficult process . " we not only want to be at the table , " he said , " but we want a voice at the table as well .
moment , rosner claims that she was " otherwise fully qualified " for the job and that the policy is discriminatory . teaching an hour of spanish per day . rosner apparently complained to the superintendent and even made a formal complaint to the school district ' s civil rights office , but administrators there found no probable cause and closed the case . we ' ll update this post if they provide one . ms. the position ? google maps story_separator_special_tag an english-speaking teacher says the miami-dade county school board discriminated against her by not hiring her for a job .
to identify the 50 mcdonald ’ s menu items with the most calories , 24/7 wall st. calories represent the amount of energy a body can generate from a given portion of food . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . fat and carbohydrates measured in grams and sodium measured in milligrams also came from mcdonald ’ s . ( nyse : mcd ) website . for similarly branded items of equal caloric value — the quarter pounder with cheese and the quarter pounder deluxe , for example — only one item was considered .
savell ' s boyfriend was also hit with a bullet in the leg . the boyfriend allegedly told authorities that he told savell that if someone is told to leave their property three times , she is to get the gun and shoot it at the ground . a man working at new york city ' s grand central terminal suffered leg and hand burns after his e-cigarette exploded in his pants pocket , officials said . " the guests definitely got the message and left , but one of them was struck in the leg , deputies wrote .
in the year that has passed since he has shown “complete disinterest ” in females , delhi zoo officials told the indian express . jaguars are native to the americas and are listed as " near threatened " on story_separator_special_tag lazy , obese and now lonely , salman on thursday . so it is best that we send him back home . while the weight of a bengal tiger can vary from 180kg to 258kg , a jaguar ’ s normal weight is considered to be in the 56-96kg range . but the counter-argument ” khan said . he was brought for a purpose and if he is not fulfilling that purpose then what is the point in keeping him here ?
he said on sunday that he offers a needed alternative to hillary clinton , the frontrunner for his party ’ s nomination . " if we don ' t reject this way of thinking — clearly , without any ambiguity — we ' ll have lost our way , [ and ] we ' ll have lost the moral authority , in my view , to govern this great nation . lindsey graham ( r-s.c. " story_separator_special_tag former sen. graham on sunday acknowledged the problems at the southern border , vowing to double the number of border patrol agents , triple the number of drones and tackle the problem of visa overstays .
so he decided to shut it down ; in a post on the startup news site product hunt , he implored potential buyers to stop ordering " this horrible glitter product " because he was " sick of dealing it . site description shipyourenemiesglitter.com is a website that allows users to purchase an envelope filled with glitter that is sent to one of their enemies for only $ 9.99 . by far the most effective and easiest prank ever . first off , use your imagination . sincerely , mat. bidding rapidly rose to $ 70,000 in the first days on sale , before stalling until the last hours , when a further $ 15,000 was added on the price .
1. in anticipation of the hearing , let ' s take a look at o.j . simpson could be released from prison as soon as oct. on thursday , simpson will appear before a nevada judge to make his case for parole . " simpson of the murders of his ex-wife nicole brown simpson and ronald goldman . no one has registered to testify against him . reconnect with old friends . celebrity net worth reports o.j . play golf . ( photo : ethan miller , ap ) when o.j . the divorce settlement revealed simpson was earning $ 55,000 per month in 1992 — more than $ 97,000 in may 2017 dollars .
explanations story_separator_special_tag what can we say about the role of climate change in the unprecedented disaster that is unfolding in houston with hurricane harvey ? " this storm should serve as warning . that means the storm surge was half a foot higher than it would have been just decades ago , meaning far more flooding and destruction . read did not want to make that conclusion : “this is not an uncommon occurrence to see storms grow and intensify rapidly in the western gulf of mexico , ” he said . the story that most matters about harvey and irma right now are the effects they are having on lives and land in texas and florida , and the efforts underway to prevent more suffering .
however , it was millions of years ago . this element is formed by cosmic rays and falls from the sky and becomes stuck to soil and rock . [ in photos : see greenland ' s ancient landscape ] " there was a really stable landscape on greenland before the ice sheet came , " said lead study author paul bierman , a geomorphologist at the university of vermont . " now human activity may spell the end of it . it turned out that we found an elephant in a haystack . if the soil under summit has been buried for 2.7 million years , then the discovery implies the ice sheet has never fully melted , even when the earth went through an incredible natural warming swing 130,000 years ago — one as warm as this century ' s predicted climate change .
police then arrested phillips and lurch , who told them the items were intended for their reception . newlyweds busted trying to shoplift $ 1049 in groceries for their wedding reception share tweet a pennsylvania couple married a week ago allegedly attempted to shoplift more than $ 1000 of merchandise from a supermarket -- items they planned to use for their wedding reception last friday afternoon . charged with misdemeanor counts of retail theft and receiving stolen property , phillips and lurch remain in centre county jail in lieu of $ 2,500 bail . but at 2 : 30 p.m.
in recent weeks , story_separator_special_tag rumors of savino ’ s behavior date back at least a decade , and have followed him through multiple productions that he has worked on over the years . weinstein was fired oct. weinstein has denied allegations of nonconsensual sex . a nickelodeon spokesperson told cartoon brew : “viacom is committed to the safety and well-being of our employees , and to fostering a workplace free from harassment . new york state ' s top prosecutor has launched a civil rights investigation into the weinstein co. 8 , 2017 file photo , harvey weinstein arrives at the weinstein company and netflix golden globes afterparty in beverly hills , calif.
president donald trump speaks in the diplomatic reception room of the white house on friday , april 13 , 2018 , in washington , about the united states ' military response to syria ' s chemical weapon attack ... syrian television reported that syrian air defenses have responded to the attack . he adds that , " america does not seek an indefinite presence in syria — under no circumstances " and says that , " as other nations step up our contributions , we look forward to the day when we can bring our warriors home . the allied operation comes a year after the u.s. missile strike that trump said was meant to deter assad from further use of chemical weapons .
in somalia , girls between 10 and 14 years old spend 26 hours a week on household chores - the most of any country . for more information about unicef and its work for children visit www.unicef.org and facebook . time spent on chores limits a girl ’ s time to play , socialize with friends , study and be a child . two out of three girls cook and clean in the home , and almost half collect water or firewood . they also perform more " less visible " domestic work like childcare or looking after the elderly , the report says .
further analysis revealed that only 355 of these gene families were broadly distributed across all modern organisms , and thus could be tracked from an ancestral species through all of its descendants . the results suggest that luca was a heat-loving microbe that fed on hydrogen gas and lived in a world devoid of oxygen , bolstering strong suspicions that life on earth formed in and around hydrothermal vents such as those found near undersea volcanoes . but it has been harder for geneticists to know other details of luca ’ s lifestyle . its genetic code required nucleoside modifications and s-adenosyl methionine-dependent methylations .
the firm said its researchers uncovered evidence that some ukrainian government computer systems were infected , but they were unable to remotely confirm specific victims among those systems that had been targeted . ) ( additional reporting by alastair macdonald ; editing by tiffany wu ) story_separator_special_tag for months this summer , unidentified hackers used a previously unknown hole in microsoft corp. we see strong ties to russian origins here , " said john hultquist , head of isight ' s cyber espionage practice . a lock icon , signifying an encrypted internet connection , is seen on an internet explorer browser in a photo illustration in paris april 15 , 2014.
) seat , likely destroying democrats ' chances of taking the senate . #shakeitoff , " ingraham tweeted , referring to one of swift ' s top hits . marsha blackburn marsha blackburntennessee new members 2019 mcconnell reelected as leader , thune promoted to whip rick scott appears with gop senators , ignores voter fraud question as recount continues more ( r ) beat out former gov . fox news host laura ingraham mocked taylor swift after the candidate the singer backed in the tennessee senate race lost . advertisement rep. phil bredesen ( d ) for sen.
the hearing resumed thursday and the judge said it was ok to release the documents . staples was founded with backing from romney ' s firm , bain capital . " it is and always has been a private family matter that should not be subject to public speculation . lawyers ... " it was something which was done in my opinion , it was initiated as a favor . ) republican presidential candidate former massachusetts gov . ( click prev or next to continue viewing images. stemberg needs to file a separate request . 24 , 2012 .
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . they would have been spared the need to follow him to places like bournemouth , limoges and spokane , to hear him revisit his classic compositions in a voice that , on a bad night , story_separator_special_tag famous , famous-ish , and not-at-all famous non-american writers who are not going to win haruki murakami ( japanese novelist and jogger ; 4/1 odds ) john banville ( irish novelist ; 20/1 odds ) milan kundera ( czech novelist and playwright ; 50/1 odds ) william trevor ( irish novelist , short story writer , and playwright ; 66/1 odds ) rohinton mistry ( indo-canadian novelist and short story writer ; 66/1 odds ) margaret atwood ( canadian novelist , poet , and essayist ; 66/1 odds ) paul muldoon ( irish poet ; 66/1 odds ) salman rushdie ( indo-british novelist , short story writer , and facebook user ; 66/1 odds ) tom stoppard ( english playwright and screenwriter ; 66/1 odds ) colm toibin ( irish novelist , short story writer , and essayist ; 66/1 odds ) julian barnes ( english
ayala , 32 , was diagnosed in december of 2015 with a rare tumor in her uterus . this time she encouraged me to post it and everyone has been so sweet to share it and get it out there . " but she loves a good dance party . things to keep me distracted , " ayala said . " laughter is the best medicine and i hope to make people smile , even at the expense of my bad dance moves . " being away from our 3-year-old was the hardest part . " she would come sit with me in my chemo session always bringing me entertainment -- magazines , arts and crafts .
the two bodies found in the search for the couple were positively identified tuesday as elrey " bud " runion and his wife , june e. steverson declined to talk in detail about what led investigators to towns . billy mckinnon , owner of mckinnon inc. ( associated press ) in this image released by the telfair county sheriff ’ s office in georgia shows 28-year-old ronnie adrian “jay ” towns , who was charged monday , jan. then they vanished . bud runion had been looking to buy a 1966 ford mustang convertible , but towns answer to the ad was a ruse , authorities said .
esty on monday , april 2 , 2018 , asked the house ethics committee to investigate whether she did anything wrong in her handling of the firing of her former chief of staff accused of harassment , ... file - in this march 4 , 2015 , file photo , rep. she dismissed calls friday to step down . ( associated press ) hartford , conn. elizabeth esty , d-conn. speaks on capitol hill in washington about bipartisan legislation on gun safety . esty says she ' ll work to improve workplace protections during her final months in office .
it means a high gerbil population across huge areas and that is good for the plague , " he added . and this then later led to epidemics in europe . why did we have these waves of plagues in europe ? , a zoonotic bacteria usually found in small mammals and their fleas . " the study is in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
using data from a study in which mothers reported on all adult children , we addressed the question : do patterns of maternal favoritism moderate the impact of children ' s problems on psychological well-being ? adult children who felt they were emotionally closer to their mother than their siblings were more likely to show signs of depression . dr. © the author( s ) 2015 . the study occurred in two phases seven years apart . the one thing moms never tell though a good mother would never admit it , she really does have a favorite child , according to previous studies conducted by the research team .
” this is an interesting comment , however , as there is no google maps-related app from google available in the app store aside from the google earth app . if you ’ ve never used pandora before , you ’ re about discover new artists and songs based on your specific taste [ … ] read the rest rather than enter your name at the bottom of the pre-order list , throw your name in the giveaway mix and let us do the work . therefore , it is currently unclear what cobley meant by “downloading them.
” florida has the nation ’ s third-largest prison system with 97,000 inmates , according to state figures . they force them to work at gunpoint and they pay them nothing . day — to demand an end to unpaid labor and price gouging in prison commissaries , as well as the restoration of parole , among other requests . “there ’ s a word for that , it ’ s called slavery . i read the new jim crow in jail . “this will cause a total breakdown . “our goal is to make the governor realise that it will cost the state of florida millions of dollars daily to contract outside companies to come and cook , clean and handle the maintenance , ” the unnamed prisoners said in a statement posted on the website of the inmates ’ advocacy group fight toxic prisons .
' " in the movie , robin voiced the character of a dog . story_separator_special_tag robin williams “had no financial problems ” that might have contributed to his apparent suicide , his spokeswoman told thewrap on wednesday . robin ' s body was discovered monday morning . a homeless superhero who comes out during the night to help people in need.robin was there with wife ... pics : robin williams through the years the oscar winner was in the studio doing voice-over for the indie film absolutely anything . i just can ’ t afford it anymore. laughing frequently .
he said it was clear the family was targeted and that he has warned the surviving members of the rhoden family to take precautions and arm themselves . more than 100 personnel in the southern county of pike are assisting in the investigation . the killings were a " sophisticated operation , " according to dewine . a second law enforcement source said that investigators are looking at numerous avenues as a motive for the killings among them is whether there is a mexican drug cartel connection or a possible drug turf war or family feud . all eight autopsies have been completed .
” related stories : tv news anchor : i wanted to call out viewer for ‘uncalled for ’ weight jabs tv news anchor slams viewer who sent ‘you ’ re obese ’ email ann curry to be featured more on today show in attempt to stop ratings plunge fox news apologizes for airing man ’ s horrifying suicide on live tv after police car chase story_separator_special_tag on thursday , starting point host soledad o ’ brien took a look at the story of wisconsin anchor jennifer livingston , the woman who became a viral hit for her response to a concern troll ’ s email about her weight .
delacruz is in laredo . a 10-year-old girl with cerebral palsy who underwent surgery at driscoll children ’ s hospital is under threat of deportation after crossing a u.s. customs and border protection checkpoint to get to corpus christi for the surgery . in a statement , the agency said it " is committed to enforcing the immigration laws of this nation , " which include detaining undocumented immigrants . ( feb. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . by wednesday evening , according to family members and advocates involved in her case , immigration agents had taken her to a facility in san antonio where migrant children who arrive alone in the united states from central america are usually held , even though her parents , who both lack legal status , live 150 miles away in laredo .
whereas a decade ago i would have turned and fled the restaurant at the prospect of being in the same place as this man , many years of personal-counseling work ( both trauma-specific and spiritual ) had led me to a place where i now embrace opportunities to move into spaces that allow me to break out of old patterns of retreat or denial . it was christmas eve 2017. ” an introduction was indeed necessary . people had sung with abandon . there had been carols . he looks just like . . . his demeanor , almost pastoral ,
but all of andrews ’ s bills had one thing in common . “you should ask yourself how many of the ideas that were a seed planted in the bill that germinated in a larger bill . that ’ s happened twice , according to joshua tauberer , whose site govtrack.us allows users to track and compare vast amounts of data on congress . what looks like failure , andrews said , is actually his success at working the new system . ) has written 646 different pieces of legislation . they didn ’ t become law . jeff sessions ( r-ala.
what ’ s certain is that some members of that desperate colony resorted to cannibalism to survive . may 1 , 2013 douglas owsley , a physical anthropologist at the smithsonian institution , left , and jamestown archaeologist william kelso unveil the reconstruction from the remains of " jane , " a 17th-century teenager from jamestown who researchers believe may have been the victim of cannibalism at the national museum of natural history in washington . this 14-year old girl was eaten . this august 2012 photo shows four shallow chops to an incomplete skull excavated in jamestown , va.
williams had antidepressants , caffeine and parkinson ' s drugs in his system robin williams ' death was ruled a suicide , marin county officials confirmed on friday . " he left the bedroom around 10 : 30 p.m. he also had a " recent increase in paranoia , " according to a medical history authorities recorded at the scene . replay more videos ... must watch what is lewy body dementia ? — it would be the last time she saw him . he was 63 years old . 11 at his home in tiburon , calif.
and that ' s where the tree rings come in . the tirpitz sustained some damage at kåfjord . the tirpitz and its crew of 2500 , it turned out , had retreated into northern norway ' s watery labyrinth to escape detection . the study of tree rings — called dendrochronology , literally , " timeline of trees " — is used by climate scientists to trace changes story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption claudia hartl : " you don ' t normally see trees in this region without rings " the relentless campaign to find and sink germany ' s wwii battleship , the tirpitz , left its mark on the landscape that is evident even today .
experts said answers will come only with an examination of the wreckage and the plane ' s cockpit voice and flight data recorders , commonly known as black boxes . that is a contrast to the downing of a russian jet in october over egypt ' s sinai peninsula that killed all 224 on board . but so far no hard evidence has emerged . french soldiers patrol at charles de gaulle airport , outside of paris , friday , may 20 , 2016. three european security officials said on friday that the passenger manifest for flight 804 contained no names on terrorism watch lists .
emma watson topless ? if someone takes a photograph of me and posts it , within two seconds they ' ve created a marker of exactly where i am within 10 meters . enter times journalist and story_separator_special_tag you ' re walking down the street and unexpectedly see emma watson . women are not allowed to make decisions about their own bodies ) log . if emma watson actually wanted to help women she wouldn ’ t have agreed to be a disney princess opinion if emma watson actually wanted to help women she wouldn ’ t have agreed to be a disney princess emma watson ’ s latest vanity fair shoot has the world aghast at the idea that the beauty and the beast star has breasts .
perhaps it was ignorance about the dangers of feeding alligators . ” here are tips for dealing with " nuisance alligators " in this psa from the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission . one gator was a baby . … when you feed an alligator , you ' re attracting it to people . the attack took place at grand floridian resort &amp; spa . the second was estimated to be between 4 and 5 feet long . feeding alligators is illegal because it causes the animals to lose their natural fear of humans . whatever the reason , two reedy creek firefighters were spotted giving the predators food .
because hawes ’ pac has zero ties to trump ’ s the biggest chunk of the money raised — $ 133,000 — went to a company that hawes founded and owns , cartsoft llc . apple keynote in 20 minutes . both seemingly offer a chance for two to win dinner with donald trump . in the past , some have made look-alike campaign sites and bought google ads to lure unsuspecting donors . but she did travel to california seeking fortune in the mid-19th century " ( kanye old west ) smashingmag we ' re giving away 5 lifetime memberships of icon sets from @ iconeden http://bit.ly/c2alv2 ) .
" no , no , " the party goer said . ivanov returned to his car . but ivanov instead brought the gun with him to a party that his ex-girlfriend was attending in mukilteo , a seattle suburb , investigators say . like ivanov , all of the victims were recent graduates of kamiak high school . he told police he was scared and opened fire . ivanov said he was loading the magazine in the call and intended to go back into the party and use the ar-15 rifle more . howard ordered ivanov — who appeared via video feed from the snohomish county jail — to be held without bail .
“i think it ’ s kind of silly that it would take the university a couple of years to get around to it . some , like news feed and the like button , changed the internet forever . image courtesy of facebook on feb. the website combines elements of a standard house face book with extensive profile features that allow students to search for others in their courses , social organizations and houses . davis ’ 98 said that the creation of a harvard facebook was not as far off as zuckerberg predicted . facebook has issued year in review compilations before , after all , but never in video form .
it ' s fitting then that kathryn bigelow ' s " detroit , " an account of the murders of three unarmed black men that took place in the algiers motel in late july 1967 , is neither — it is an all-out assault on your senses and soul . the stomach-churning horror begins immediately and does not let up for 2 hours and 23 minutes . the commander severely reprimands krauss for fatally shooting a fleeing looter . her follow-up , zero dark thirty , got a best picture nod , too . from the critics from rt users like you !
kim ' s birthday is believed to fall on january 8 , but like most affairs of north korea , his personal details are opaque . north korean state media has not acknowledged the exact date of kim ' s birth in either of its korean and english-language archives . " he wants to show the people he keeps his birthday simple by showing affection to ordinary people and filial piety to his father and grandfather , " he said . ( jan. their confusion was understandable . " some say it is 1984 while others say is ' 83 or ' 82 .
objective to determine the effects of complete axillary lymph node dissection ( alnd ) on survival of patients with sentinel lymph node ( sln ) metastasis of breast cancer . “this is such a radical change in thought that it ’ s been hard for many people to get their heads around it , ” said dr. interventions all patients underwent lumpectomy and tangential whole-breast irradiation . original contribution jama . design , setting , and patients the american college of surgeons oncology group z0011 trial , a phase 3 noninferiority trial conducted at 115 sites and enrolling patients from may 1999 to december 2004.
police have carried out searches of the area using a helicopter , divers , cavers , and police dogs , and have also interviewed all 180 of the wedding guests . " it was anguish . the girl , maëlys de araujo , was last seen in a children ' s room at about 03 : 00 on sunday ( 01 : 00 gmt ) . we initially thought she must be asleep in a corner after a game of hide-and-seek . a source close to the investigation said “each passing hour ” made kidnapping more likely than the possibility that maëlys was involved in an accident or ran away .
in the interview , damon says there is a " spectrum " to behavior , and that we live in a " culture of outrage . “any allegations of nonconsensual sex are unequivocally denied by mr. add interest “but that was the extent of what we knew . dear matt damon , it ’ s the micro that makes the macro . they all hurt . weinstein . ’ ” in her first response to damon , driver wrote on twitter : “god god , seriously ? none of us came here perfect. so when you hear harvey this , harvey that — i mean , look at the guy .
that ' s my goal is to find deorr kunz and to solve this investigation , " said bowerman . he was two when he disappeared , but he turned three on dec. " they know something , i just don ' t know what they know . it causes me alarm . 30. the pair are not under arrest , and no warrants have been issued . detectives brought them in yet again for follow up interviews and they continued with their story , the sheriff says . " does that mean they ' re suspects ?
interested in larry nassar ? eaton county circuit judge janice cunningham said she can ' t fathom what margraves was experiencing , given that he was hearing some of the details of his daughters ' victim impact statements for the first time friday . but i regained control in a holding cell. " let me at that son of a b ---- , " margraves shouted in court . margraves nearly reached nassar when he rushed the doctor shortly before 10 a.m. usa today sports larry nassar ( photo : matthew dae smith , lansing ( mich.
she is wearing a cast and faces a recovery of “at least four to six weeks , ’ ’ according to her website . sweeting moved up from no . 71 with the victory . the germans are not taking the teenagers lightly . clijsters sustained a severe strain of her medial and lateral ligaments in her right ankle , and torn ligaments in her ankle joint . ” story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . he celebrated the milestone by jumping into the river oakes club pool , a tournament tradition .
the spending tsunami pushed the prize closer to the record u.s. jackpot of $ 656 million , won march 2012 in a mega millions drawing . with you and said ticket . what if you are showing it to someone , say over a beer or 10 , and it goes missing ? we know at least two people matched all the winning numbers : 8 , 20 , 14 , 17 and 39 , and a megaball of 7. ) . need a lawyer . a safe deposit box is probably , yes , safest . " you like to see winners and you like to see big jackpots .
luke a " creep " and offered to produce new music with kesha . but i was sad and [ i wasn ' t eating ] . it ' s difficult sometimes . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
” weprin ’ s ex-wife , according to the ruling , at one point recorded a conversation with weprin ’ s sister-in-law . ” republicans — and even some democrats — are painting the race as an obama referendum . “i will probably not refuse to endorse chuck schumer ( n.y. everyone remembers . colin powell , sen. ” the judge also describes him “extremely temperamental with a short fuse ” – a description backed by his “almost impossible to control ” in the court-room . they join most religious leaders , iraq and afghanistan war veterans , and families of the 9/11 victims in support .
the new law explicitly permits a jury to infer that a driver who was using a hand-held cell phone and caused injury in an accident may be guilty of assault by auto , a fourth-degree crime if someone was injured seriously , thus exposing the driver to a potential story_separator_special_tag home daily news those who knowingly send texts that distract … injury &amp; accident law those who knowingly send texts that distract drivers could face liability in pennsylvania image from shutterstock . 39 : 4-97.3( d ) . req. n.j.s.a . it ’ s a possibility , according to some recent court rulings .
that ' s the highest death toll the world health organization has recorded in an ebola outbreak . " my fellow liberians , ebola is real , ebola is contagious and ebola kills , " she warned . two of its volunteers had been isolated after being exposed to someone who later died from the virus , it added . he announced a action plan that addressed many of the barriers international medical workers complain they face while fighting disease . president sirleaf said that friday 1 august would be a non-working day in liberia to allow for the disinfection of all public facilities .
reece said payne was found in his bedroom with a gunshot wound to the head and his throat cut . marvin potter ' s friend , jamie curd , has also been charged in the killings . the couple was shot to death in their mountain city home in the far northeast corner of the state . assistant district attorney general matthew roark said curd ' s initial bond was raised to $ 1.5 million while roark agreed to put off a bond hearing for potter until next week , when he is expected to have an attorney . “buddy ” potter jr.
that ' s freedom . house ... justin pierce argues in favor of a bill that republicans say just confirms religious rights . the business owners cited religious beliefs in declining to provide services celebrating same-sex relationships . in my life and in my businesses , if i don ' t want to do business or if i don ' t want to deal with a particular company or person or whatever , i ' m not interested . the bill , which the state house of representatives passed by a 33-27 vote thursday , now goes to gov .
camp cloverleaf is open to the public year-round and may be reserved for a variety of uses : school field trips church retreats family reunions business meetings teacher in-service training civic organizations athletic groups weddings and more … . environmental education programs at camp cloverleaf bring science to life in this living laboratory . to schedule a tour or check availability , please email steve cooper at cloverleaf4-h@ufl.edu or give us a call at ( 863 ) 465-4884. officials in highlands county say 33 kids and three adults from the clover leaf 4-h camp in lake placid started to feel nauseous .
" not because i don ' t believe michael sam should have a chance to play , but i wouldn ' t want to deal with all of it … it ' s not going to be totally smooth … things will happen. let ’ s say he is . he is a powerful figure . ( ap ) more and tony dungy won . dungy has a well-earned reputation as a straight shooter and a stand-up guy . this is the , “uh-oh ! can you imagine ? 1 television show in america . louis [ lambs ] .
despite the shock of a default by a euro zone country , greece ' s fate is likely to remain unchanged until after a snap referendum on july 5 on bailout terms presented by creditors in exchange for aid . as of tuesday , greece will be cut loose from international rescue loans for the first time in more ... ministers have said repeatedly that greece would not have the funds to pay the imf unless it reached a deal with creditors to unlock 7.2 billion euros in bailout funds frozen while the two sides wrestled over the conditions demanded of athens .
" while some of the video footage is not new , the video reaffirms the message that new york city remains a top terrorist target , " the statement said . in 2010 , faisal shahzad tried to detonate a car bomb outside a theater in times square . ” gov . cuomo echoed the city ’ s stay-strong stance . isis has claimed responsibility for friday ' s terror attacks in paris that killed 129 people . the nypd will protect you. we will not submit to their wishes. “do not be afraid . it warns that st.
through hauntingly animated sequences that bring the young cobain ’ s scribbled journals to life , we start to sympathize with the loneliness that eventually led him to form the band that would become his surrogate family . the film stops short of cobain ’ s suicide in 1994 , which is recounted in a one-sentence title card . normally i ’ m suspicious when a filmmaker gets into bed with his subject as morgen has here . ” it just about breaks your heart . and mr. love , are still elusive could the live-fast-die-young god of grunge ever have been so sweet and innocent ?
new research shows that for women who eat apples , there might be more to that old adage about the forbidden fruit ' s health effects than previously thought . materials and methods : seven hundred and thirty-one women ( mean age 31.9 , range 18-43 ) were enrolled in this cross-sectional study ( from september 2011 to april 2012 ) . keep in touch ! the main outcome measure was the fsfi questionnaire result . " so why apples ? check out huffpost divorce on facebook and twitter . it ' s a relatively small sample size and it ' s difficult to separate correlation from causation .
no one would ever be punished for a blooper and , while it isn ’ t appropriate to publicly discuss confidential details of people ’ s personal work arrangements , this has not happened to natasha. ” exelby told news corp. after the daily telegraph reported on monday that the queensland-born journalist had been “banned ” , the opposition leader , bill shorten , led calls on twitter for her reinstatement . myself and my mesmerising pen honourably salute you ! just a flesh wound . too fabulous. natasha exelby ( @natashaexelby ) thank u all for ur generous support .
he also told voters that true governance required compromise and that he ’ d learned how to share power with democrats in albany . george pataki dropped out of the presidential race tuesday . i know the need to have a vision for the future of this country is absolutely essential . pataki supports abortion rights and had signed a strict gun-control measure in new york . the key moments of pataki ’ s political biography were even further in the past : the trying days after the sept. pataki has not held office since 2006 , and his name recognition has eroded sharply since then ; when “jeopardy !
she joined the cia in 1985 and has held a series of high-ranking positions at the intelligence agency throughout her lengthy career , including senior leadership positions within the agency ' s national clandestine service , which oversees the agency ' s spy operations overseas and its most covert operations programs . ... " i have very grave concerns about ms. ron wyden , d-oreg. two republicans , sens . interested in trump administration ? , said in a statement wednesday . she had not expressed those feelings publicly , during her contentious confirmation hearing last week .
warren/ap in a victory for amazon , the seattle city council voted to repeal a tax on the city ' s biggest businesses tuesday , a measure designed to fund efforts to combat seattle ' s large homeless population . it would have paid about $ 12 million per year . ... there is so much more to lose between today and november . " an opposing group held " no tax on jobs " signs . " pressure from amazon had already cut the original tax nearly in half , but then the company joined starbucks and others in backing a campaign to put the tax to a referendum
" i ' m told i came to , briefly , and was talking to the paramedics about my condition , but the next thing i remember is waking up in hospital , two and a half weeks later , " he said . knowles told chew to call an ambulance . but he knew he had to try to stay awake . david knowles was delivering a first aid course to members of his exeter church group when he started feeling unwell . “she ’ d just had her gallbladder out and wasn ’ t supposed to run , ” he said .
“the soil was landing on top of me and around the side of me . a paramedic checks antony britton after he is pulled unconscious from the " grave " in his failed buried alive escape act escapologist antony britton says he ’ s lucky to be alive after losing consciousness during a daring escape bid . it was scary . however , things quickly began to go wrong . really . every single time another bucket came it was getting worse . and then i just passed out . i was pretty much dying . i remember exhaling and because i collapsed my lungs the soil compacted into that space which meant that when i went to inhale i couldn ’ t .
he said europe was not what he had expected , " said schluetermann , adding that the man was happy to leave but not upset . more than one million refugees have arrived in germany in the last year , fleeing war and poverty in syria , iraq , afghanistan and elsewhere . , spoke only mandarin . the well-dressed 31-year-old , known as mr l. a spokesperson on refugee issues at the karlsruhe regional council said that on the afternoon of 4 july , the man arrived at the gates of the refugee reception centre in karlsruhe as part of a group of seven chinese people .
" siting in someone ' s home , or in the u.s. attorney ' s office , " these people look close to harmless . he and his team at the justice department are nazi hunters . but one night when he was a child , he tuned the tv to a dramatic reenactment of the auschwitz trial in germany . and indeed , federal officials do not accuse him of that . i did it to save their lives , and i never even wore a nazi uniform . eli m. rosenbaum said . mr. you focus on getting the answers to the questions you ' re posing .
what ' s in the notes is private , authorities say , and they have been handed over to welch ' s family . four days after he left home , a missing persons report was filed . long stretches of time passed with no news of his whereabouts . 2 , when without a word to anyone he climbed into his maroon pontiac van and drove away from his home in manhattan , kan. welch was trapped alive in the ravine for an unknown number of days . the retired pepsi co. he was found dead .
he continued to be detained on saturday . the head of swedish security police , anders thornberg , said the suspect was " a person who has previously figured in our intelligence flow " . swedes flew flags at half-staff saturday to commemorate the four people killed and 15 wounded when the hijacked truck plowed into a crowd of shoppers friday afternoon in stockholm . two are in intensive care . what do we know about the stockholm suspect ? the country ’ s national police chief , dan eliason , confirmed reports that the suspect was aged 39 and from the central asian country .
" you expected better from papa john ' s . " story_separator_special_tag papa john ' s is confronting its crisis : customers think it has a racism problem . ritchie said he was " personally committed to adding more diversity to the leadership team of papa john ' s . we stand for equity , fairness , respect and opportunity . i started my career in the pizza business 25 years ago because pizza brings people together . the program will include conversations about unconscious bias , racial and cultural sensitivity and managing bias . " we fully intend to earn back your trust through action .
tantaros , who says she complained to superiors about brown ’ s conduct , outlines her complaint in a lawsuit filed monday in the supreme court of the state of new york . so i went and did one [ race ] , and i actually won my age group . is there a thrilling bike experience that jumps out ? congrats @senscottbrown on your nomination for new zealand ambassador ! brown has been a political contributor at fox news . ted kennedy ( d ) . brown was defeated by sen. photo : pan-mass challenge former massachusetts senator scott brown lost his seat in 2012 , and then lost a comeback bid in new hampshire in 2014.
photos : jennifer love hewitt ' s love life in july , hewitt told us that she and her then-fiance were deciding to keep the gender of their first child a surprise . " i feel very lucky . the actress and her husband ( yes , they secretly wed ! some women have really rough pregnancies . “i had a great relationship with mine . baby girl was born on tuesday , nov. want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? 26. " a source adds that the couple " got married recently in private .
[ 13 ] of the children interviewed , more than half ( 53 percent ) said that they had been subjected to one or more forms of sexual abuse . from the moment they are born , the challenges many of them face are staggering . story_separator_special_tag i. [ 10 ] currently , only about 60 percent of births in india are even registered . [ 6 ] the right to education is enshrined in the indian constitution , [ 7 ] but , though the situation is improving , there were still 8.1 million out-of-school children in mid-2009 .
story_separator_special_tag congressman dennis kucinich bought a sandwich from the longworth house office building cafeteria in april 2008 , and bit into it only to find an unpitted olive that cracked a tooth . kucinich didn ' t detail the costs of the dental work , or precisely what " enjoyment " he lost . but he ' s suing restaurant associates and three other companies involved in running and supplying the cafeteria for $ 150,000 , claiming negligence and breach of implied warranty . click to view [ courthouse news [ pdf ] , photo of kucinich via getty images ]
muhummad iqbal , the 45-year-old husband of farzana parveen , who was beaten to death by 20 male relatives on tuesday , said he strangled his first wife in order to marry parveen . but women ' s advocacy groups say the crime is underreported and the figure could be around 20,000 a year . " most honor killings in the middle east and central asia occur in rural areas . the foundation has been unable to confirm iqbal ' s claim about a second killing . he said his father served a year in jail . the deadly attack on parveen , which reportedly lasted for around 15 minutes , began soon after she and iqbal arrived at the court where she was due to testify against her father ' s claim that she had been kidnapped and coerced into marriage .
a 400-year-old skull that french researchers believe was the head of celebrated king henri iv was squirreled away for decades in the attic of a now-retired public servant , and now has been handed over to one of his bourbon dynasty descendants . " impossible ! these files are currently not publicly accessible . story_separator_special_tag this photo dated thursday dec. turned off duplicate detection . the new study looked at dna instead . but cassiman and colleagues found the lingering the original runs were just against the enwiki . 21 , 1793 , when a spectator at la place de la revolution in paris thrust out the cloth to capture blood gushing from louis ' headless body.
will : i ’ m a student of patterns . i ' m confused , but that ' s probably because mainstream media like new york magazine can ' t fully accommodate the profundity of smith ' s thought : you know , the forum of media that we ' re in can ' t really handle the complexity of things that we say all the time . do you think there is a single theory to everything ? okay . ( willow is jaden ’ s 12-year-old sister. the premise : a father is a best-in-class soldier who crash-lands with his son on a hostile planet earth a thousand years in the future .
tsarnaev , a suspect in the boston marathon bombings . the fbi confirmed that agents in boston had interviewed the elder tsarnaev in 2011 , on behalf of an unspecified foreign government that suspected he had ties to a terrorist organization . and counting . shortly after 8 p.m. deval patrick ( d ) . , authorities said , the two shot and killed mit police officer sean collier , 26 , as collier sat in his cruiser . . . " also : the tsarnaev brothers are of chechen heritage . a few hours later , they began a violent spree just across the charles river in cambridge .
and how reliable are they ? voters in north korea are given a choice of either voting for or against a single candidate endorsed by the state in the constituency . there is only one box to tick . “it is often during election that the government finds out about defectors and people who have been missed ” . in fact they are not really elections at all . but any real notions of democracy end with the name . yes , that ’ s right — the totalitarian communist dynasty of north korea holds elections . sunday ' s elections are to decide provincial governors , mayors and local assemblies in the country of almost 25m people .
that piece of tech shows that 140 gallons of water were used between 1am and 3am the night collins was found dead in bates ' hot tub . " as a refresher , echo only captures audio and streams it to the cloud when the device hears the wake word " alexa . bates called 911 at about 9 : 30 a.m. on nov. accuracy can be an issue for any number of iot gadgets . what ' s more , the microphones on an story_separator_special_tag please enable javascript to watch this video bentonville ( kfsm ) -- bentonville police arrested a suspect monday ( feb.
jeffrey michels , 64 , was arrested and is being held by the us air force and will stand trial for failing to report for duty at minot air force base on 6 july 1977. bowe bergdahl pleaded guilty to desertion charges after he left his post in afghanistan in 2009. this ranges from a dishonourable discharge , a prison term typically between two to three years , up to the death penalty . already have an account ? story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . click here to return to the page you were visiting .
it was a bald eagle . and closer . apparently , that ’ s not uncommon . cars and trucks pose a hazard to the birds when they scavenge by the side of the road . in 2015 the number of bald eagles in massachusetts reached a record high in since the majestic birds ... the eagle was 38 years old and must have survived all sorts of close encounters . sign up thank you for signing up ! two bald eagles , their white heads visible from a distance , were seen on jan. “i think more and more people are seeing them .
frederick decided that it was time for a name change for the safety of his employees and patients . ” isis women ’ s health care employs dozens of people in three offices . one morning we woke up to news of a beheading by a terrorist organization the media chose to refer to as isis . we have taken the first step and removed the name from the building . they are affiliated with north fulton hospital and emory johns creek hospital . ! we were wrong . until now . this is hard . but what name could possibly be a strong enough replacement ?
the first of the two main ingredients of a drink that affect the severity of a hangover is obvious . the researchers found the students who drank bourbon rated their hangovers as worse , but interestingly they performed just as well on tasks such as reaction time tests . one version suggests : “wine before beer and you ’ ll feel queer . kenneth o. dr. prabhu . obi and joel h. then there are the theories about the order in which to consume different tipples . in a study of young danes on holiday , almost a third of those who consumed at least 12 units of alcohol ( roughly equivalent to four pints of lager or four 250ml glasses of wine ) avoided hangovers .
" he did not want to deploy , and he came to believe he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " henricks told the jury . nidal malik hasan continue , ... ( associated press ) a u.s. army military police officer patrols in front of the lawrence h. during closing arguments , prosecutors showed a nidal hasan , who is charged with 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in the november 5 , 2009 , shooting rampage . prosecutors have maintained the american-born muslim underwent a progressive radicalization that led to the massacre at the sprawling central texas base .
one cat escaped and was later treated by a veterinarian for a “bite that was not an animal bite , as well as the bleeding head injury , ” cambrian resident david stine said at the time . “he got max sentence 16 years ! “i stole a member of their family . santa clara superior court judge sharon a. like our facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from san jose , the bay area and beyond . stories started to spread among neighbors about a man who had tried luring two cats into a backpack .
” her staff ’ s review of her emails “revealed only one email with a foreign official , ” one from the united kingdom , the statement said . aftergood also noted that as secretary of state , mrs. democrats on the house select committee on benghazi sent the state department a letter tuesday asking the agency to prioritize disclosure of the set of clinton e-mails sent to the panel last month , but a state department spokeswoman said later that an early release of those records was already under discussion and would go forward . “so , i ’ m certainly well-aware of the classification requirements and did not send classified material.
ryan ’ s role is to make a 4.6-point increase in the marginal tax rate of 2 percent of the population . ryan , fresh and 42 , brings youth , energy and vitality — the very qualities obama projected in 2008 and has by now depleted . it ’ s a joke . the democrats ’ mediscare barrage is already in full swing . ” from transcendence to the political gutter in under four years . they haven ’ t had a decisive influence since lyndon johnson carried texas for john kennedy in 1960 . that ’ s his program ?
photo : megan farmer , the chronicle a stained glass window is seen at the most holy redeemer church in ... " they ' re serious , " reese said , " and they ' re not going to back down . most holy redeemer at crossroads on san francisco photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_prev_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 photo_next_inline &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-3333844 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 1 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-3335988 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 2 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-3255411 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 3 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-3335995 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 4 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-3336002 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 5 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-3336003 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 6 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-3336006 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 7 gallery_thumbnails_photo &#124; photo-3335991 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 8 photo : brant ward , the chronicle image 1 of / 9 caption close gallery_thumbnails_show &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 gallery_overlay_open &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 gallery_overlay_open_thumbs &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; article-gallery-3791909 &#124; 0 image 1 of 9 most holy redeemer , with a membership that is 80 percent gay and lesbian , in the castro .
mr. ” story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . trump wrote , misspelling mr. trump , who initially did not express sympathy for the family of the slain woman , nykea aldridge , later in the day posted a twitter message offering his condolences . “dwayne wade ’ s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago , ” mr. african-americans will vote trump ! learn more donald j.
he doesn ’ t care . “i mean , how in the world would you stand up in front of the naacp and say that you oppose obamacare ? ” she said romney can ’ t just appeal to the dissatisfactions of african-americans to get them to vote for him , he needs to walk the walk . not with that group . and that ’ s a problem . tips@mediaite.com story_separator_special_tag house minority leader nancy pelosi ( d-calif. he was great. he ’ s totally out of touch . mccain went , didn ’ t he ?
“alec baldwin in ‘blind ’ is just the latest example of treating disability as a costume , ” jay ruderman , the foundation ’ s president , said in a statement to the l.a. times . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . “we no longer find it acceptable for white actors to portray black characters . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . 13. the private philanthropic group is known for advocating on behalf of casting disabled actors .
story highlights officer who shot michael brown treated for " swollen face , " police say police , witnesses offer starkly contrasting accounts of brown ' s shooting witnesses , brown ' s friend say the officer opened fire after a verbal altercation police chief : brown assaulted the officer and struggled with him over his weapon it ' s a case of he said , he said . my son was sweet . louis suburb . the st. " we have seen young people giving in to violence and frustration and rage . " tear gas was deployed .
the bill daniels says he is going to sign in indiana is a compilation of the anti-abortion movement ’ s greatest hits . bush ( for whom daniels later worked as white house budget director ) campaigned for the gop presidential nomination as a different kind of republican , a “compassionate conservative ” motivated principally by concern for poor black kids and public schools . “i believe in national standards. daniels , in the aei speech , said teacher ratings would be based on the question “did the children grow ? view archive off-message alert !
then , cohen waved the device in front of moore -- and it beeped . " moore , a republican who lost a special election for u.s. senate last year to democrat doug jones , released a statement today with details of how he was fooled . moore appeared on cohen ' s showtime series " who is america ? " i am involved in several court cases presently to defend my honor and character against vicious false political attacks by liberals like cohen , " moore said . and when cain-n ’ degeocello manages to conjure up something halfway resembling an actual diss — “you talk , uh , in bragging terms about the size of your phallus/i believe
" and then one of your snot-nosed relatives will snap a selfie of themselves at your funeral , and upload it to twitter with the caption " depressing funeral selfie " and the hashtag " #sadday . i hate it too . why is all this text here in blue ? perhaps you have some questions . probably not . why did you — sorry to i interrupt but i see where you ’ re going . i like to think of it as a standing statement : everyone who ’ s ever visited will have seen the exact same thing ( except for this post , which came a few weeks after launch.
three years ago , for example , it was sasha ' s expert testimony that led spanish authorities to categorise it as one of the least harmful drugs . ” π π π 2 2 “fungi , ” “fungus , ” and “funguses , ” with special attention paid to the variant pronunciations of “fungi ” — “fun-gee ” and “fun-guy. click to enlarge shulgin in younger days via lorenzo tlacaelel/flickr sasha shulgin died at 5pm this afternoon . from there he developed tma-2 through tma-6 . " a lot of the materials in schedule i are my invention , " shulgin once told us .
demand for gold coins and us dollars in iran has soared as the country ' s currency has declined in value . mr mazloumin was arrested in july for operating as a speculator and accused of hoarding gold coins with the aim of later manipulating prices on the local market . how did these executions come about ? iran is heavily dependent on its exports of oil , and the renewed sanctions , if effective , would cause yet further damage to the economy . amnesty went on to say that the manner in which the trials were " fast-tracked " displayed a " brazen disregard " for due process .
" come on , let ' s party , " lehnardt replied . she then had sex in the bathroom with an 18-year-old boy , the report said . lehnardt provided weed and alcohol to the partying teens at her evans home before joining them in a game of naked twister , the sponsor told authorities . she was released after posting a $ 3,200 bond . she was arrested monday after her new alcoholics anonymous sponsor alerted the columbia county sheriff ' s office on saturday following a meeting with lehnardt , according to the investigation report . http://usat.ly/1ywneud story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
" appropriations chairmen mikulski and ( also on politico : what ' s in the $ 1.1t government spending bill ? indeed , the new $ 8.6 billion funding level for head start reflects one of the biggest investments in the bill — an estimated $ 1 billion , or 13 percent , increase over current funding and $ 612 million over its initial 2013 enacted appropriation . ) , who predicted a strong bipartisan vote . we feel very good we were able to accomplish this with a lot of give and take , a lot of compromise on both sides .
5 , 2017 ) police release new video of karina vetrano on day she went missing what to know new surveillance video shows karina vetrano jogging in her possible last moments alive she was later found sexually assaulted and killed on aug. " it remains one of the unsolved , very high-profile murders , " he said . boyce stressed that the man wasn ' t a suspect or a person of interest in the case . 4 news conference . marc santia reports . if you have any information you can submit a tip anonymously at ( published sunday , feb.
) ines , designed in 1989 by the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) and the nuclear energy agency of the organisation for economic co-operation and development , ranges from 1 ( anomaly ) to 7 ( major accident ) . ... wsj ' s yumiko ono reports . nishiyama . and donald trump gets serious about 2012. past nuclear incidents see a timeline of how the fukushima nuclear incident compares to other nuclear incidents . " first , the amount of released radiation is about a tenth of chernobyl , " he said , adding that while there were 29 deaths resulting from short-term exposure to high doses of radiation at chernobyl , there were no such deaths at fukushima .
we ' re told negotiations for the exit went on for seven weeks . the play was difficult , but the pitcher was cc sabathia and his hustle and athleticism have been one of the under-publicized aspects of the franchise ’ s success since 2009. story_separator_special_tag image credit : olbermann : amy sussman/getty images ; sorkin : valer now that keith olbermann is leaving msnbc , could he be setting his sights on hollywood and aaron sorkin ’ s next tv project ? they go on ” at this point , very little should be read into this , but that won ’ t stop people from trying .
kent brantly , 33 physician with samaritan ’ s purse bryan schutmaat for time i ’ ve thought a lot about the moment when i was infected with ebola . every inch of your body is covered . the next day they did it again . maybe this is true in any battle ; it is surely true of a war that is waged with bleach and a prayer . it was johnetta elzie ’ s first protest . she chanted and marched , story_separator_special_tag dr. and at least 19 , it marked the biggest ipo the world had ever seen — bigger than facebook ’ s or general motors ’ .
” gates himself met trump for the first time in new york in december 2016 , he recalled : “so when i first talked to him it was actually kind of scary how much he knew about my daughter ’ s appearance . ‘gates says that gates knows that you ’ re not doing things right. robert f kennedy jr told the guardian earlier this year that parents and children ’ s health advocates felt “enormous betrayal and disappointment ” at the decision . learn more “human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) attacks the immune system .
" " i ' ve worn the same suit on air for a year – except for a couple of times because of circumstance – to make a point . whereas women are quite often judged on what they ' re wearing or how their hair is ... http://tinyurl.com/metoxfn we extend sincere condolences to family and friends . the vast majority are positive , the streams peppered with the less than glowing responses to the prank . no further details are available at present .... our yearly registers date back to 2012. brilliant . his co-presenter lisa wilkinson constantly faces criticism and generally unsolicited fashion advice from viewers .
he said at the time he felt “blessed and honored ” working with sessions on it . , for attorney general , saying that his " conscience " outweighed senate tradition . booker said that his colleague ' s " booker became the first sitting senator to testify against a fellow sitting senator at a confirmation hearing for a cabinet position . sen. sessions record does not speak to that desire , intention or will . dianne feinstein , though democrats criticized chairman chuck grassley for scheduling the members of congress at the end of all proceedings .
vice reporter simon ostrovsky has been freed from captivity in ukraine , vice confirms in a statement to poynter : “vice news is delighted to confirm that our colleague and friend simon ostrovsky has been safely released and is in good health . out of respect for simon and his family ’ s privacy , we have no further statement at this time. he is on his way to donetsk . we would like to thank everyone for their support during this difficult time . ” bbc ’ s acting moscow bureau chief tweeted the news : simon ostrovsky is free – bbc has spoken to him direct .
“we were able to prove unequivocally to the world that antarctica is not a dead continent , ” priscu said in a release . in topographic depressions there are hundreds of lakes , both large and small ; some are isolated , but many are interconnected by water channels and large areas of saturated sediments , the water eventually running out into the southern ocean as the ice sheet becomes a floating ice shelf . image : rachel xidis/niu . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . we also hope to recover about 5 meters of basal ice cores at another borehole very near the primary hole .
the team says that between 2 and 10 % of such animals ' energy is used to produce methane . its next step is to work with a larger sample of animals — about 1,400 — and determine in exactly what ways genetics play a role in methane production . so do cows . “the finding has led the team to ask whether animals which are low emitters always emit low levels under all circumstances ” the team has actually , it should be possible to make those leak less , too , but it won ’ t involve any cow sex .
story_separator_special_tag story highlights she was on the run for five years the woman was taken into custody at an oregon shopping mall she and her husband are accused of abusing their adopted children for five years , they pursued her , always one step behind as she used aliases and altered her appearance to elude them . " hide caption 3 of 11 photos : u.s. marshals ' most wanted larry porter chism – from the u.s. marshals website : larry porter chism " is wanted for charges stemming from his escape from the lonoke county jail in arkansas in december 1978.
asked whether he was considering a run for president in 2016 sunday , the republican governor from wisconsin said he believed “governors make much better presidents than members of congress. “we ' ve had to be there. “all they need is our air support and our technical know-how , and they will do it. ” issa also said iraqis — not americans — should be the ones engaging in ground combat against isil . paul ryan ( r-wis. that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
" they ' d been waiting for a day for an evacuation too , so our chopper went back and shuttled them all off , " mr palmer said . he couldn ' t swim . story_separator_special_tag web wide crawl with initial seedlist and crawler configuration from march 2011. ( associated press ) local residents walk through floodwater after getting ice and food to take to their flooded residence in the suburb of new farm in brisbane , australia , thursday , jan. at least 22 people have died and more ... " i can only imagine what was going on inside to give up his life to save his brother , even though he was petrified of water .
she also says that , because all everyone seemingly wants to write about is her is her love life , she banned herself from the internet in 2013 despite telling her interviewer minutes later that she closely monitors what people say about her . we crawl into the back of a massive toyota and start driving to swift ’ s west coast residence , located in a rural enclave of beverly hills . big ! it was really damaging . hate . no need to speculate , just had to voice my disgust . okay , tay . you ’ re thinking , ‘everybody goes on dates when they ’ re 22.
copies of the new york daily news are for sale at a news stand in new york , monday , july 23 , 2018 , after the paper told employees that the newspaper is reducing its editorial staff by 50 percent . ( ap ... it ’ s depressing. zuckerman . people tell me : ‘don ’ t come in . , in 1919 and sold off in 1991. tronc ' s continuing cuts and shift in emphasizing quick-turn pieces for story_separator_special_tag to put a twist on one of the most famous front pages in history : “tronc to new york daily news : drop dead !
grande said she has heard reports of people charging as much as $ 10,000 to smuggle people out of mosul ahead of the operation to retake the city that was launched monday . i couldn ’ t sleep for a week afterwards. he refused and said : ‘whatever destiny brings. that would be almost impossible anyway , mohammed said . it advised residents not to attempt to flee . ” us aircraft have begun dropping 7m leaflets over the city , urging civilians to stay in their homes and giving advice on how to protect themselves from flying glass and comfort their children when the bombs drop .
that was his way of standing up for it . based on what players said , the meeting prompted thoughtful discussion and provided a better understanding for some of what kaepernick is attempting to accomplish . clearly aware of the backlash he ' s received since his stance became public , kaepernick made it a point to clarify that he has nothing against the military . i don ’ t mean to speak for him , but just knowing him , and how he ’ s been with soldiers and the appreciation he ’ s shown for them , i ’ m sure that ’ s not what he meant by it.
" the white supremacist , kkk , and neo-nazi groups who brought hatred and violence to charlottesville are now planning a rally in lexington . story_separator_special_tag senate majority leader mitch mcconnell addison ( mitch ) mitchell mcconnelldem lawmaker resurfaces 2013 trump tweet criticizing obama for syrian airstrikes schumer says trump strikes ' appropriate , ' warns against greater involvement in syria trump authorizes military strikes in syria more ( r-ky. their messages of hate and bigotry are not welcome in kentucky and should not be welcome anywhere in america , " mcconnell said in his statement . ... “i have condemned neo-nazis .
it ' s frightening , mysterious and yes , it could come here . highly story_separator_special_tag ebola virus has infected two american health workers , a doctor and a hygienist , working in liberia . properties of this collection . in the current outbreak , the mortality rate ’ s been about 60 percent . turned off duplicate detection . he died on friday . the original runs were just against the enwiki . 2. for the first time , did all the different wikis . image copyright other image caption liberia tied independence day celebrations on 26 july to efforts to create more awareness around ebola image copyright epa image caption greater emphasis is being placed on hygiene in an effort to contain the virus image copyright epa image caption people have also been urged to wear protective gloves asky is the second airline , after nigeria ' s largest airline , arik air , to ban flights to liberia and sierra leone .
weinstein . " although dershowitz says he is only a consultant , he also tells the judge he is prepared to offer a memorandum in support of weinstein ' s bid for documents . “moreover , basic fairness dictates that mr. simpson defense attorney has been especially vocal of late on the investigation into russian collusion in the election and sat down to dinner with trump recently . in that context and the straining bankruptcy , contrarian and once o.j . brafman ’ s access to his client ’ s personal and business emails . following an expose by the new york times in early october , weinstein has been accused by dozens and dozens of women of sexual harassment and assault .
that ’ s right . it is important to have children when your family is ready for more children . it ’ s all part of being a good jew , you see . with baby-making on the brain , mayim quotes the torah on waiting seven days , plus an additional five , for a woman ’ s most fertile time . plenty of other celebs fancy themselves a sue johanson — although methinks john mayer ’ s ability to dole out sex advice is dubious at best . this is not ‘the rhythm method ; ’ it ’ s just understanding biology .
mitt romney of massachusetts and gov . rick perry of texas engaged in a sometimes heated back and forth over immigration , health care and entitlements , their rivalry dominating a stage that included seven other candidates struggling to catch up in the race for the republican presidential nomination . ( ap ... perry had achieved his goal of knocking mr. huntsman jr. “that kind of magnet draws people into this country to get that education , ” romney charged . gary johnson , former pennsylvania sen. orlando , fla. romney sought to capitalize on the concern among many conservatives about mr.
wikileaks , mr. his lawyers argued that the accusations amount to a smear campaign and suggested that u.s. officials might be behind them . he has acknowledged having had consensual sex with the complainants . mr assange - understood to be lying low in britain - could be arrested by scotland yard officers as early as tomorrow . assange has been increasingly vocal in recent days , defending his actions , decrying his critics and defying world leaders . mr. mr. mr. julian assange has distributed to fellow hackers an encrypted ' poison pill ' of damaging secrets , thought to include details on bp and guantanamo bay .
a woman from the nra ( the guardian did not manage to get names ) then took to the lectern to announce that " we ' re currently in the fight of our lives for out second amendment rights , right now . barack obama — you lie ! story_separator_special_tag eric draper photography national harbor , md . assault weapons were discussed too . should ' ve started with yours . we have reality television . dandy idea mr. president , we admit it . yeah . " more background checks ? " she asked . " 2.
one employee slept at her desk for extended periods of time during work hours . the nurse was reported to be a friend of the director . results in brief the california whistleblower protection act ( whistleblower act ) empowers the california state auditor ' s office ( state auditor ) to investigate and report on improper governmental activities by agencies and employees of the state . her duties included " routine data entry for change of address and new vehicle ownership forms , " the report says . digital access for only $ 0.99 for the most comprehensive local coverage , subscribe today .
speaking to a friendlier crowd in eau claire saturday night , trump said that , on the plus side , he gets millions of dollars worth of free media coverage , " so i can ' t complain that much . but the video made clear there was no editing in the exchange about abortion and his response was given in full . ’ ” ( ap photo/charles rex arbogast ) ( associated press ) racine , wis. “and i attack them tougher. story_separator_special_tag trump quickly recanted and even told cbs ’ s john dickerson that “the laws are set .
" in contrast to the first lady , christie told royal , he doesn ' t care what students eat at school . new standards adopted in 2012 mandated fruits and vegetables on lunch trays and set limits on sugar , salt and fat . ” michelle obama has been a vocal proponent of more nutritious school lunches as a way to curb childhood obesity . interested in ? but it makes us better , makes us living longer , better quality of life , all the rest of it . ( photo : jae c. “they were fine when mrs.
" in terms of the psychological problems it ' s different . the food and drug administration is reviewing the medical evidence surrounding the safety and effectiveness of marijuana , a process that could lead to the agency downgrading the drug ' s current status as a schedule i drug , the most dangerous classification . it ' s very difficult to kill yourself from cannabis . but what about alcohol ? if you drink heavily you ' ll get dementia eventually . scientists found the risk of psychosis was five times higher for those who use it every day compared with non-users .
japan ' s nuclear safety agency has stored potassium iodide to distribute in case of high radiation exposure , and the u.s. navy is giving it to military crews exposed to radiation as they help with relief efforts in japan . irwin redlener , a pediatrician and disaster preparedness specialist at columbia university . other governments echoed that warning . ( associated press ) pharmacist donna barsky measures potassium iodide for a prescription at the texas star pharmacy on tuesday , march 15 , 2011 in plano , texas . " we have hundreds upon hundreds of orders , and our partner in germany is talking about thousands of orders at his site .
" people will not stand for [ the impeachment of president trump ] . “leader pelosi has repeatedly called for an outside , independent commission to get to the bottom of trump ’ s connection to russia ’ s interference in our election and to examine ways to protect the integrity of our democracy from foreign meddling in the future , ” ashley etienne , a spokeswoman for pelosi , said in a statement . steve cohen ( d-tenn. their candidate had every advantage. just try it . " they lost . rep. both sides are heavily armed , my friend .
anonka dixon is the best player in the league . and she ' s doing it at last . her receivers become blockers . a muscular 33-year-old born and raised in miami , she always dreamed of playing full-contact football in front of a television audience . she directs them with her left hand as she sprints through traffic , her legs turning faster than the high-definition cameras around the arena can pick up clearly . " according to mcmillen , is now banned because we wrote about mortaza ' s appearance on the reality showten years ago and because : " you failed to focus on any of mr.
icahn called netflix ' s poison pill " an example of poor corporate governance " because the company didn ' t seek a shareholder vote . icahn in recent days . under the plan , the company is issuing one right for every common share . enlarge image close annie tritt for the wall street journal netflix ceo reed hastings netflix lost roughly a million of its customers following the announcements and said last month it was behind schedule toward a previous goal of boosting its subscriber base by seven million u.s. streaming-video subscribers this year . ( institutional investors can acquire up to 20 percent.
cairo ( reuters ) - at least one person was killed and more than 650 wounded in clashes between riot police and protesters in cairo ' s tahrir square on saturday , official said , after a protest demanding the ruling military transfer power swiftly to a civilian government . how can i continue ? " we are egyptian youth , " he added , flashing victory signs and chanting " down down tantawi . pro-change activists sent out calls for solidarity and as darkness fell police and the protesters saw their ranks swell . police fired rubber bullets and buildings and two cars in the square were set on fire , witnesses said .
" we don ' t want to turn facebook into a forum where people are voting up or down on people ' s posts , " zuckerberg said . regardless of its intent , a dislike button used across the board on facebook would have a dramatic effect on the service , so in all likelihood , " disliking " something will be one of many like alternatives , and users will probably have a say over which ones will happen . update — 4 : 45 p.m. et : this story was updated to reflect the ambiguity of zuckerberg ' s comments .
members of the ilwu and other industry officials have been sent pre-addressed cards to hand out to family and friends . but byington doesn ’ t mind , because the reward is a shot at one of the rarest lifelines left for working-class americans : a unionized blue-collar job . ( mark boster / los angeles times ) the 2,400 names drawn in the raffle will become “casual ” longshoremen . interoptimis will draw as many public cards as there are union-issued cards submitted . you get full benefits your entire life . even if it ’ s not ‘til i turn 90 , it ’ s worth it .
a ship which had disappeared on its way to india laden with gold in 1533 had vanished , its fate and that of her crew unknown . dr noli , the chief archeologist of the southern africa institute of maritime archaeological research , said the coastline was notorious for storms so finding a shipwreck was hardly surprising . ” bom jesus found ? fast forward 500 years and that mystery was closer to being solved when a group of miners hunting diamonds off the namibian dessert stumbled across some strange objects . as for the ship itself , a large quantity of poisonous copper aboard is believed to have staved off microbes which would normally have consumed organic material in the ground .
muslim women serving with the royal canadian mounted police , rcmp , have been given dispensation to wear a hijab while on duty . it is about where we are going and what we are going through every day in our diverse and rich communities , ” he was cited as saying by afp , the french news agency . previously , officers could wear the religious headscarf with approval but it is now formally part of the force uniform . that too was a step taken to boost recruitment . bardsley noted police services in the cities of toronto and edmonton and those across the united kingdom , sweden and norway , as well as some u.s. states , have adopted similar policies .
there ’ s also the long-held stereotype that men are simply better gamers than women . accounting for differences in playing time , character choice and membership in a players ’ guild , they found that women advanced at least as fast as men . women gamers are often perceived as incompetent players who aren ’ t genuinely interested in the games but rather sign up to get attention . " women now constitute nearly half of the gamer population in the united states , and more women are involved in designing video games than ever before . when players finish story_separator_special_tag advertisement if gamergate taught us one thing , it ' s that lurking behind gaming culture is a contingent of sexist players eager to find any excuse to harass women in the gaming industry .
" it ' s opening night . the tone of the show , directed by jason moore story_separator_special_tag the dynamics of cher and sonny ’ s relationship made kim and i grab each other ’ s hand and sing “i got you babe ” please pardon my lack of etiquette . we have so much appreciation for the energy you guys put into making this master piece , " he continued . " related : cher reveals sonny bono told her she wasn ' t ' particularly attractive ' when they first met hey @kanyewest so cool that you ’ re here at @thechershow !
he was assigned to the highest level games and he sometimes refereed with him . " bieniewicz , acho said story_separator_special_tag john bieniewicz was a man who lived life to the fullest . the husband and father of two died today . we thank you in advance , and wish you god ' s blessings . fellow referees are taking this senseless tragedy very hard . mcgeorge how one punch can be so deadly . police have charged 36-year-old baseel saad . crushed . detroit ( ap ) — a man who was punched in the head over the weekend while refereeing an adult-league soccer match in suburban detroit died tuesday , authorities and a longtime friend of the referee said .
moyer ’ s farm is licensed by the u.s. department of agriculture to house all of her animals . in missouri . she has owned seven kangaroos over eight years . recently she and jimmy drove to eastgate cinema in madison to watch taken 3. " [ she ] had indeed brought a small kangaroo , about a one-foot in size kangaroo , inside of a child ' s car seat , " says detective ryan klavekoske . website lists “alternative livestock ” such as elk , llamas , camels , zebra , bison and many other animals .
the substance on her leg was tested and confirmed to be semen . “everyone who has been questioned says he looks very professional ; he wears the uniform well , ” the source said . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
florence henderson on monday eric mccandless/abc via getty images the actress is survived story_separator_special_tag los angeles ( ap ) — florence henderson , the wholesome actress who went from broadway star to television icon when she became carol brady , the ever-cheerful mom residing over " the brady bunch , " has died . it was also seen endlessly in reruns . she was hospitalized just a day prior . john george kappas , whom she remained married to up until his death in september 2002. in her role , henderson covered fashion stories and human-interest pieces . henderson had suffered heart failure , her manager kayla pressman said in a statement .
a police report says officers used surveillance camera footage to determine that another woman in the lot gave damante money and went inside the store while damante put the 40 grams ( 1.4 ounces ) of pot into the unwitting woman ' s unlocked car . ___ information from : sandusky register , http://www.sanduskyregister.com/cgi-bin/liveique.acgi$ sch=frontpage?frontpage crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . court records don ' t indicate whether damante has an attorney .
a woman steps on a poster showing brazil ' s president dilma rousseff , left , and former president luiz inacio lula da silva , with the phrase in portuguese " they knew everything . " now nothing can stop the impeachment vote from taking place . lawmakers backing impeachment allege rousseff ' s administration violated fiscal rules . brazil ' s lower house of congress is due to vote on sunday on sending rousseff to trial in the senate . however , many of those pushing for impeachment face grave accusations of corruption themselves . " the debate will go on for at least 48 hours .
here ’ s part of the statement from yandy : over the last few hours , it has become obvious that our “yandy brave red maiden costume ” is being seen as a symbol of women ’ s oppression , rather than an expression of women ’ s empowerment . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . hackbarth ( @alyssaeindc ) september 20 , 2018 and still others had even found the silver lining . the halloween costume , which referred to both the dystopian margaret atwood novel and hulu series , was depicted as a bright red mini dress and cape with high heels .
it ’ s the first time nasa has named one of its missions after a scientist who is still alive . parker discovered solar wind in the 1950s and is about to celebrate his 90th birthday . the probe will have to withstand heat and radiation never before experienced by any spacecraft , but the specially designed mission will also address questions that couldn ' t be answered before . join us [ solar quiz : how well do you know our sun ? esa ’ s solar orbiter mission passes crucial milestone read more parker ’ s work delved into a longstanding puzzle .
he brings a food thermometer . “luckily , these people did not require hospitalisation , but it is important to remember that raw cow ’ s milk products should not be consumed as they can contain harmful bacteria such as e.coli , salmonella , campylobacter , and listeria , as well as cryptosporidium . ( photo coli o157 : h7 . for those in the food industry , the jack in the box e. " a produce manager holds a cut cantaloupe at a denver supermarket on friday , july 13 , 2012 . thanks in part to safety improvements in the beef supply , restaurants are warming up to rarer burgers in larger numbers , despite the warnings from food safety experts .
“[ oxygen ] is saying to these young women , it ' s okay to have unprotected sex , it ' s okay to be a ' babies ’ mama ' and the other baby mama is your enemy , ” she said . could you imagine that crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . and , yes , we ( will ) hold advertisers publicly accountable for their sponsorship of this program. ” a separate petition calling for the comcast/nbcuniversal network to halt any further development of the show has since been launched by sabrina lamb at change.org , and has attracted almost 28,000 signatures .
" " and so , one of the students in my class , she went out and checked it . all those treated at mercy are expected to survive their injuries . miles said they heard a sound next door that sounded like a yardstick slapping on a chalkboard . the scene was pure chaos . the uncertainty of what is going on is tough to deal with . red cross grief counselors were available at the fairgrounds . [ gun control debated in wake of tragedy. camas valley teacher christian bringhurst said his daughter justine was on ucc campus at time of shooting .
he added : " i ' d like to send a message home : this prize is for you . " kirsten dunst , who presented her short film in the critics week sidebar earlier in the week , presented the prize for best director to mathieu amalric for his film about american showgirls in france , " on tour . imprisoned iranian filmmaker and juror jafar panahi ' s seat remained empty . i still think i ' ll get married one day . the awards were handed out at a gala ceremony presided by kristin scott thomas ahead of a screening of julie bertuccelli ' s " the tree " starring last year ' s best actress winner charlotte gainsbourg .
women born in south korea in 2030 are forecast to have a life expectancy of 90 , a study has found . men there will also see big gains . " the biggest result is that ... meanwhile , male life expectancy will go from the fourth highest to 11th out of the countries studied . a handful of other wealthy countries will get closer to becoming centenarians too , but these improvements won ’ t be spread evenly . in 2015 , global average life expectancy at birth was 71.4 years , according to the world health organization .
fickel said on one occasion , in the fall of 2012 , he was a passenger in ford ’ s escalade and the mayor was driving and talking football . showing up impaired at a military charity ball for injured soldiers . �we view it as an unauthorized use of our trademark and have asked it to be stopped.� ford reclaimed control of its blue oval logo last year after using it and other assets as collateral to borrow $ 23.4 billion in 2006 which allowed the company to weather the global financial crisis . , and frequently disappeared for lengthy stretches of time , the document states .
( associated press ) actress daryl hannah is arrested outside the white house in washington , wednesday , feb. many business and labor groups support the 1,700-mile pipeline as a source of jobs and a step toward north american energy independence . ( ap photo/ann ... aww ! conor kennedy was arrested this afternoon at the white house ! [ image via sierra club. robert f. in an interview before his arrest , brune said civil disobedience was justified because of the threat posed by tar sands oil , which is difficult to produce and emits significantly more greenhouse gases than conventional oil .
image copyright afp/getty images image caption the couple announced their engagement in november prince harry and meghan markle ' s wedding will be held on saturday 19 may 2018 , kensington palace has announced . " with millions coming together to watch both events at home and around the world , it will be a day to celebrate . but this year , william , who is tipped to be harry ' s best man , looks likely to be otherwise engaged with wedding duties . he added : " downing street clearly hasn ' t been persuaded [ into giving a bank holiday ] … these things are so ruled by precedent .
police searched her boyfriend ’ s home on mare island where the alleged kidnapping took place . denise huskins , 29 , was allegedly abducted for ransom in vallejo . sonar equipment is also being used in the search . she has blonde hair and blue eyes . investigators believe her car was taken from the block where she was abducted.huskins was employed as a physical therapist at kaiser permanente medical center in vallejo and had previously worked at southern california orthopedic institute in valencia , according to her facebook page . cheryl hurd reports . sid dejesus . the search will continue tonight because of ideal low-tide conditions .
and you said that you looked at george h.w . christopher morris / vii for time fareed zakaria interviews president obama for time in the oval office on jan. " the problem hasn ' t been getting our team to do what is responsible . it ’ s a u.s. leadership that recognizes our limits in terms of resources , capacity . each set of challenges is unique . " the fact is , i ’ ve got a 13-year-old and 10-year-old daughter . that ’ s not the exact same moment as existed post – world war ii .
" a jury convicted her of murder , and she was sentenced to 15 years to life . cuomo , she set up a foundation that raised millions of dollars for scholarships for children of women in prison in new york state . harris ’ s case was front-page news . jurors said afterward she also lectured about her often incongruous experiences with inmates . her death was confirmed by her son james . mario m. if mrs. she was 89. but there was an underlying social debate that drew commentary from writers , sociologists and feminists and antifeminists alike .
” other palin touchstones included : praise for the military , jeers for the “the liberal media ” and a general manner of speaking that often veered into rhetorical culs-de-sac . while she drew applause during her remarks , palin ’ s extemporaneous and frequently discursive style was such that she never truly roused a true-believing crowd as passionate about the issue at hand as she . " who makes a decision like that ? story_separator_special_tag west allis , wis. sarah palin ' s public pronouncements have now reached an amazing point -- where even fox news is fact-checking her .
” the plain meaning of the term “medical technology ” does not encompass a kitchen implement such as a turkey baster . bruce and boardwine ’ s relationship deteriorated around october 2010 , when bruce would not agree to boardwine ’ s suggested name for the child . she thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends . read more ” … boardwine initiated proceedings in the roanoke city juvenile and domestic relations district court to establish his rights regarding the child , whom we will refer to as j.e . ” … bruce did not become pregnant through “conventional medical and surgical treatment.
and woody allen cannot be presumed to be innocent of molesting a child unless she is presumed to be lying to us . " and i hated him for her for years . you are saying that he is on trial , not her : he deserves judicial safeguards in the court of public opinion , but she does not . when i went online the morning after the globes broadcast , i found more than one email asking if i had seen the previous story_separator_special_tag dylan farrow ' s brother moses defends woody allen a family divided jane read martin / globe dylan ' s response painful memories rick maiman / sygma / corbis ' horrible tragedy ' dylan farrow ' s feb.
“she ’ s the jayne mansfield of the internet. and its inescapable viral hit “we are young ” ) and most other cultural endeavors , it is increasingly clear that there is no longer a single path to success . upton was announced monday night on david letterman ’ s show as the latest cover girl for sports illustrated ’ s annual swimsuit issue , the circulation and advertising behemoth that has long been equally the dream book of adolescent males and the bane of feminists . story_separator_special_tag hot kates ! bart signed her anyway . wholesomely proportioned at 5 feet 11 inches with a 36-25-34 figure , ms.
upskirting is illegal in many places , including wisconsin . ; and to create 942.08 ( 3 ) of the statutes ; relating to : invading an individual ' s privacy by viewing under or through clothing and providing a penalty . but before capturing any footage , the man decided to test out the camera at home , officer david dexheimer told the wisconsin state journal . your notification has been saved . just then , the device ’ s battery blew up , injuring the man ’ s foot and derailing his scheme , koval wrote . the clergyman suggested that the man turn himself in to the authorities and accompanied him to the police station .
it ’ s certainly rare to hear a comeback effort that not only reflects an artist ’ s own best work , but stands alongside it in terms of quality , as the next day does . had where are we now ? was no heroes or sound and vision . the 14 songs are short and spiky , often contrasting that kind of patent bowie one-note declarative drawl with sweet bursts of melodic escape that hit you like a sugar rush . such speculation was bolstered by the self-referential artwork of both the single and album : the former offering an inverted photo of a skeletal
campus pride issued a statement monday claiming that chick-fil-a gave the organization ' s executive director , shane windmeyer , access to winshape ' s 2011 " 990 " tax documents . it has more than 1,615 locations in 39 states and washington , and they are closed on sundays . the gay &amp; lesbian alliance against defamation then promoted a national same-sex kiss day at chick-fil-a restaurants across the country on august 3. he expected an argument , yelling , anger , maybe even a lawyer to jump on the line , but instead there was an hour-long private conversation .
the imaging inspection system flagged the vehicle for a secondary examination , where agents found the smuggled drugs , according to the u.s. customs and border protection statement . seized marijuana in u.s. law enforcement trucks . 2 from bringing in more than $ 1 million of drugs that were disguised as both carrots and cucumbers . “our officers are always ready to meet those challenges and remain vigilant towards any type of illicit activities. story_separator_special_tag border agents in texas intercepted a cargo shipment of marijuana concealed inside carrots sunday , authorities said in a news release .
the other individuals , including a member of the military , who rushed to the home of cpt clark ' s wife also saw the hole and agreed it was a bullet hole . clark joined the army in 2006 after earning his nursing degree from suny brockport . on thursday ... ( associated press ) chaplain col. he deployed to afghanistan in march . bruce k. clark ' s body . capt . the pentagon said previously that clark ' s death remains under investigation . clarence davis , spokesman for william beaumont army medical center , declined to comment on clark ' s family ' s statement .
trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) november 19 , 2017 " now that the three basketball players are out of china and saved from years in jail , lavar ball , the father of liangelo , is unaccepting of what i did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal . ” " i don ' t have to go around saying thank you to everybody , " he added . very ungrateful ! learn more — donald j. " trump wrote in a tweet on sunday . " maybe we were doing some talking with some other people before he even got there .
bee , host of the topical tbs comedy show “full frontal with samantha bee , ” and her colleagues are planning a counter-event that will take place in washington on april 29 , the same night as the correspondents ’ association dinner . trump that she and like-minded comedians want to make . ms. an odd turn of events , that ’ s for sure . ” the pressure to stand out has only grown since that time . “we ’ re not trying to supersede it , ” she told the new york times . others have mounted similar efforts in the past .
previous research suggested that flies would turn like a boat would , dickinson said , but this new research has shown that they can pitch their body and perform banked turns much like a plane would . ” michael dickinson , uw professor of biology and co-author of the paper about these findings , said in a news release . because the camera story_separator_special_tag fruit flies could make some talented fighter pilots . dickinson and his colleagues captured 3,566 wing beats involved in 92 separate fruit fly escapes , which was no easy task . instead , they had to use infrared light , whose wavelength is too long for human or fly eyes to pick up on .
but as the great geneticist slunk back to the u.s. on friday  his sold-out u.k. tour for his new book called avoid boring people : lessons from a life in science canceled after the apparently racist remarks he made to britain ' s sunday times magazine last weekend  it ' s clear that watson ' s latest provocation is not one he ' ll shrug off lightly . a nobel prize medal has never before been offered for sale by a living recipient . " condemnation was swift . james d. 22. included in this historic auction are dr.
houston ' s the ultimate collection and whitney – the greatest hits were in the top three albums on itunes at noon on monday . apple and sony music declined to comment . sales of pop icon whitney houston ' s records have soared since it was announced that the singer was found dead in a bathtub at los angeles ' beverly hilton hotel . it is understood that the change occurred after sony music reviewed houston ' s itunes catalogue after the singer was pronounced dead . the price hike came as tributes flooded in for the singer , whose catalogue includes hits such as i wanna dance with somebody and i will always love you .
the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph story_separator_special_tag file - in this tuesday , march 10 , 2015 file photo , marvin gaye ' s daughter , nona gaye , left , and his ex-wife , jan gaye , take questions from the media outside los angeles u.s. district court , after a jury ...
i always smile when i think of dan because he was a lot of fun and he had such pride for his daughter and her accomplishments . " my heart goes out to nancy and her family . in court papers , daniel and brenda kerrigan claimed their son mark kerrigan - while serving a 2-year jail sentence on assault , drug and property destruction charges , and having been divorced by his wife janet in 2007 over “cruel and abusive treatment ” - agreed to reimburse the handout once his house in wilmington sold , but “failed , refused and neglected to make full payment upon demand.
avery and mr. in mr. " " this lets down so many people , " mr. only one of those exonerated is known to have been convicted of a serious crime since being freed , ms. glynn , a milwaukee lawyer who has represented mr. avery ' s case and had talked to colleagues about it . halbach for days , investigators said they found bones and teeth in the salvage yard , along with her car . avery in a $ 36 million civil lawsuit against the former prosecutor and former sheriff in the original sexual assault case , said of the new charges against mr.
" ebola epidemic in west africa ' out of control , ' " cnn said monday . “this is no longer a country-specific outbreak but a sub-regional crisis that requires firm action by governments and partners , ” said luis sambo , the who ’ s regional director for africa . the deadliest ebola outbreak in recorded history is happening right now . ebola is both rare and very deadly . since the first outbreak in 1976 , ebola viruses have infected roughly 2,400 people and killed about one-third of them . the death toll so far is 338 , the world health organization said tuesday .
the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public . " died from a lethal combination of heroin and alcohol ... " monteith ' s body was discovered by staffers at the fairmont pacific rim hotel in vancouver , canada on july 13.monteith had struggled with addiction for years and had been to rehab earlier this year.monteith had said he began struggling with drugs and alcohol as a young teenager.story developing ...
” the girl ’ s family said she showed signs of bullying and depression in the past . the poudre school district has provided extra counseling services at the two students ' schools , the district said in a statement monday . “there are people on her bus that said she was counting down days but she never let any of us know . children in an east fort collins neighborhood spent their sunday evening holding a candlelight vigil and balloon launch in memory of classmate ariana cordova . isabella said more still needs to be done though .
they may be manufactured from genetically modified organisms or encapsulated with corn or soy products to prevent them from degrading . " before and after : the new reformulated original cheerios ( on the right ) contain hardly any riboflavin . non-gmo grape nuts lack vitamin a , vitamin d , vitamin b12 and vitamin b2 . but we will note we made no assertion non-gm ingredients were ‘more wholesome. ’ that is simply mistaken . ) the american association for the advancement of science ( aaas ) , american medical association ( ama ) , the world health organization ( who ) , among others , have found no health risks from consuming genetically modified foods on the market .
wolff on media at home in beverly hills , the candidate talks murdoch , what he ' s reading , how he ' ll redo electoral math and ari emanuel ' s offer to script his convention . " but sure , trump i interviewed donald trump for the hollywood reporter in june 2016 , and he seemed to have liked — or not disliked — the piece i wrote . " his press assistant , hope hicks , emailed me after it came out ( it was a picture of a belligerent trump in mirrored sunglasses ) . " great cover !
after a genetic analysis , sykes ' team said they had linked the " yeti " hair samples to the jawbone of an ancient polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) that lived in norway . for many years experts have been seeking a scientific explanation for the abominable snowman . among dr edwards ' previous work was an attempt to carry out dna analysis of a sample taken from bones of a polar bear washed into caves in north west scotland 18,000 years ago . but now , scientists have found the hair samples used in that study didn ' t come from a mysterious animal , but rather from the himalayan brown bear .
rescuers and officers found julie lawrence and jaxon unresponsive in the water and tried to resuscitate both . andrew , who has a twin brother , was from gilboa in neighboring delaware county . ( ap ) — vermont state police say a 5-year-old boy has died two days after his grandmother died while trying to save him from drowning . ___ this story has been corrected to show the spelling of the young victim ' s name is jaxon , not jackson . story_separator_special_tag milford , n.y. authorities say jaxon lawrence was pronounced dead at dartmouth-hitchcock medical center sunday .
after that , or when the mother needs to sleep or cannot do skin-to-skin , babies should be placed on their backs in the bassinet . researchers conclude that sleep-related infant deaths risk factors are different for younger and older infants . fifty-eight percent were male , and most deaths occurred in non-hispanic whites . the study relied on a database compiled between 2004 and 2012 — using information from 24 states — by the national center for the review and prevention of child deaths . story_separator_special_tag ​by : rachel y. talk with your pediatrician if you have questions about any of the recommendations listed .
” “it ’ s a difficult notion for an 18-year-old -- self-regulation , ” donovan said . students used a hand-held device known as a clicker to answer questions for classmates who were absent , according to randall balmer , who teaches the class , “sports , ethics and religion. “our society doesn ’ t encourage that anymore. an independent investigation found that 3,100 students took so-called paper classes with no faculty involvement or class attendance . lawrence said that the college would not make detailed comments on the judicial proceedings until the appeals process ends in mid-january .
trump is an illegitimate president who ' s also letting a nazi run the country.#stoppresidentbannon — blackpridebrownlove ( @kaylinwinters2 ) january 29 , 2017 steve bannon ' s influence on trump is america ' s greatest threat to national security . never ! breitbart has been condemned for featuring racist , sexist and anti-semitic content . but we haven ' t lost yet . at the same time , trump said his director of national intelligence and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff would attend " where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed .
antibodies against thogoto virus have been identified in humans living in parts of europe , asia , and africa ( 1,4,6,8 ) . ” “it took months to find out this a novel virus that belonged to a genus of viruses called thogotovirus . ) collected from a seabird nest off the coast of texas ( 3 ) . her colleague amy lambert sequenced the virus ’ s genome using advanced molecular detection . his condition did not improve . erin staples . hawkinson , daniel m. he just got sicker , and blood tests cleared him of the usual tickborne illnesses such as rocky mountain spotted fever , lyme disease , or ehrlichiosis .
” “and , i hoped that she would give me a hearing , ” she continued . here is streep ’ s statement in full : “it hurt to be attacked by rose mcgowan in banner headlines this weekend , but i want to let her know i did not know about weinstein ’ s crimes , not in the 90s when he attacked her , or through subsequent decades when he proceeded to attack others . " you ’ ll accept a fake award breathlessly &amp; affect no real change . streep won a best actress oscar for the iron lady which was a film from the weinstein co.
as always , he was introduced as a “gold medal winner ” ( he won a fencing medal in 1976 ) . song said that his biggest concern in the run-up to the ceremony was the cold . president moon jae-in of south korea shook hands with ms. iran jamaica and bermuda are from countries way too warm to put up with below-freezing temperatures , but they did it and looked good . kim yo-jong , the sister of the north korean leader , kim jong-un , was also in attendance , together with the north ’ s ceremonial head of state , kim yong-nam .
thomas also said she placed her head on the couch so a portion of her body would be on butler ' s head , police said . thomas had been scheduled to face trial in the case beginning dec. " i think it ' s fair for both sides . investigators wrote in the affidavit of probable cause that thomas weighs approximately 300 pounds and butler weighed approximately 120 pounds . windi c. 21. erie county judge william r. 10. cunningham accepted the plea shortly before 9 a.m. assistant erie county district attorney jeremy lightner dropped charges of aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and possession of the instrument of a crime in exchange for thomas ' plea in the death of her boyfriend , 44-year-old keeno butler .
later on wednesday , a vatican spokesman sought to clarify the pope ' s remarks . francis told italian daily corriere della sera he doesn ' t appreciate the myth-making that has seen him depicted as a " superpope " ( as an italian street artist recently painted him ) who sneaks out at night to feed the poor ( as italian newspapers have suggested ) . " if i ' m not mistaken , sigmund freud said that in every idealization there ' s an aggression . thomas rosica , a consultant to the vatican press office . state-sanctioned unions are thus driven by the need to ensure rights like access to health care , francis added .
hbo that ’ s right , king tommen is also martyn lannister . and clearly it wasn ’ t a big enough surprise to audiences since no one noticed . for a refresher , martyn ( along with his brother willem ) was a squire in the lannister army who was taken prisoner by edmure tully at the battle of stone mill ( events that took place off-camera ) . and if you need further “proof , ” here ’ s chapman ’ s imdb listing for thrones . have something to add to this story ? karstark ' s son is still bitter toward starks in season 6 , and now works for ramsay bolton .
“out of nowhere , i see through the underbrush a very ferocious-looking raccoon charging at me with its teeth bared , ” borch said . borch said she held it there for what felt like an eternity until finally it stopped struggling and “its arms sort of story_separator_special_tag hope — a woman who was attacked by a rabid raccoon while running in the woods near her home drowned the animal in a puddle after it latched onto her thumb . “imagine the tasmanian devil , ” she said . “it was terrifying. she figured that if it was going to bite her , it might as well be her hands .
" story_separator_special_tag ben affleck revealed , in a facebook post on tuesday , that he recently completed a stint in rehab for alcohol addiction . ben says , " i ' m lucky to have the love of my family and friends , including my co-parent , jen , who has supported me and cared for our kids as i ' ve done the work i ' ve set out to do . affleck ’ s last directorial effort , the gangster pic “live by night , ” flopped , leaving warner bros. 17. affleck checked himself into rehab in 2001 as well .
[ full text ] this hrc study examines key factors in people ’ s decisions to either adopt or give up a vegetarian or vegan diet , and the first set of findings being released compares individuals who currently eat a vegetarian or vegan diet with those who have been vegetarian or vegan in the past but now consume meat . it was that simple . you see - i didn ' t really like vegetables very much . they were right , so there was only one thing for it , cutting out all meat altogether . thanks , mum .
kilborn ’ s daily show would peak at a nightly average of 357,000 , yet kilborn ’ s audience was growing , and the show was generating critical buzz . that i got to express the things i wanted to . . . but only for a very small portion of america. . . we had this nice deal with harvey weinstein . . . they ended up calling it something else . so there from the neal peters collection . some segments played off the hard news of the day , like the presidential contest between bob dole and bill clinton .
“she said it was a real renoir , that she owned a renoir . fuqua , 51 , a driving instructor in loudoun county , carried the long-missing “on the shore of the seine ” into quinn ’ s auction galleries on june 1 , according to employees of the family-owned business . . . ’ a red flag went up . fuqua did not return messages . fuqua laughed at typically , an estate would know if it had a high-end painting by such an artist. ” in 2010 , marcia “martha ” fuqua was interviewed by the post as she trained to work as a blackjack dealer in west virginia at the hollywood casino at charles town races .
story_separator_special_tag image copyright afp/getty image caption mr macron was to be targeted on the champs-elysées avenue in paris , investigators said a suspected far-right extremist has been charged with plotting to kill french president emmanuel macron at the bastille day parade later this month . in april a gunman shot dead police officer xavier jugelé using a kalashnikov assault rifle . however the french president is facing criticism over the address , with far-left leader jean-luc mélénchon accusing him of behaving like a " pharoah " . he was jailed for three years with half the sentence suspended . he also said he wanted to attack minorities , a judicial source told afp .
some of them were from honduras and guatemala . in a statement released to the media , wooldridge said the incident began when police tried to stop a 2003 ford explorer for a traffic violation on u.s. 59. nine other people were injured . " ( u.s . the department of public safety is investigating the wreck . story_separator_special_tag austin , tex . they died at the scene . " we estimate there where anywhere from 14 to 15 people in the vehicle , " dps trooper ruben san miguel told eyewitness news.edna police say the rear seat of the ford explorer was folded down and the middle seat removed , apparently to create more room in the vehicle.two people who fled the crash on foot are now in police custody.all but one of the seven surviving victims are in stable condition .
dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . to order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues , clients or customers , use the order reprints tool at the bottom of any article or visit www.djreprints.com story_separator_special_tag article excerpt as congress debates the federal budget , a democratic senator strongly backed by nevada casino interests and a republican senator staunchly opposed to betting are working together to push an online-gambling bill into the mix . it ... the initiative has long been discussed behind closed doors but never publicly introduced . jon kyl are seeking language in a legislative package during the lame-duck session that could expand some forms of online wagering and would limit others .
in people who survive , blindness is common , the agency said . most of the victims are reported to be aged between 35 and 50. another 15 people were hospitalized and are in critical condition . [ 7 ways alcohol affects your health ] there are antidotes to reverse the effects of methanol , including fomepizole or ethanol , the nih said on its website . image copyright epa image caption police in irkutsk have been checking private stores to ensure they are not selling poisonous lotions image copyright epa image caption this boxed package of hawthorn bath essence was confiscated during an operation checking all private stores selling alcohol in irkutsk the siberian times said the mass poisoning in irkutsk " is now the worst such case in modern russian history " .
it can ’ t be that , no , no , it can ’ t be that santorum ’ s resonating with republican voters , the conservative base . ” “they ’ re literally shocked . " i got elected to the united states congress . “and people know this. i think you may have seen a little bit of that last night . the address was notably devoid of much political discussion , although he did accuse president obama of restricting americans ' right " the owner of the event space - the bella donna chapel - a santorum supporter , started inviting pastors from the dallas area about a week ago to hear the former congressman speak .
“it ’ s really affected me emotionally , ” said ms. they say state law allows insurance coverage for fertility treatments for heterosexual couples , but not for lesbian couples . pic.twitter.com/2dtoo9jtna — joe torres ( @joetorresabc7 ) august 8 , 2016 marianne and erin krupa of montclair just want to have a baby . horizon said in a statement that it covered “infertility services equally , regardless of sexual orientation , ” and that it interpreted the law “in a gender- and orientation-neutral manner and our coverage standard complies with federal nondiscrimination requirements.
case reviews resumed this month at the order of the justice department , the officials said . odom , now 49 , was convicted of a sexual assault in 1981. four defendants were previously exonerated . santae a. in a statement , the fbi and justice department vowed to continue to devote resources to address all cases and said they “are committed to ensuring that affected defendants are notified of past errors and that justice is done in every instance . such fbi examinations have taken place in federal and local cases across the country , often in violent crimes , such as rape , murder and robbery .
the argument against is that retired pay and va pay compensate for " different characteristics of military service : rewarding longevity in the former case and remunerating for pain and suffering in the latter … moreover , some retirees would find the loss of income financially difficult . cbo predicts only a " minor " effect on force retention . cbo says officer compensation exceeds 86 percent of private sector peers . the prime changes for retirees could save from $ 2 billion to $ 11 billion by 2023 , depending on final details . gen. lifting this ban , cbo suggests , encouraged many more retirees to seek a va disability rating .
" on september 14 , 2009 , mark williams admitted to cnn ' s anderson cooper that he referred to " mubarak hussein obama " as a nazi : cooper : but wait mark , you ' re actually the one who called president obama nazi . i was in the streets marching for civil rights while asshole southern sheriffs were swinging nail studded baseball bats at black ’ s heads , and stood between black kids and even more fucked up northern assholes were throwing rocks and gas bombs at school buses in my hometown during forced busing for deseg .
" dr kunath adds : " she got the six parkinson ' s but then she was adamant one of the ' control ' subjects had parkinson ' s . researchers are investigating whether the condition triggers changes in sebum , an oily substance secreted by skin , and aim to recruit 200 people with and without the condition for the study . it was very subtle - a musky smell . ian lipkin explains how they track down dangerous bugs . we were quite impressed . he passed away from the disease , a nervous system disorder whose symptoms include shaking and slowness of movement , earlier this year at the age of 65.
but it ’ s clear the main reason for sudden interest in calexit is donald j. by some definitions , the entire state of california is a sanctuary state . a law passed in 2014 prohibits local jails from holding immigrants any longer than required by criminal law , with exceptions for violent and other serious crimes . san francisco — california secession dreamers can begin collecting signatures to place a nationhood proposal on the november 2018 ballot , after language for the measure was approved this week by the state ’ s attorney general . but then the 2019 referendum it authorizes is on shaky legal ground , and according to yes california ’ s own ground rules , it would only “pass ” if 50 percent of registered voters participated and 55 percent voted for independence .
christie ’ s statement said . “time for some traffic problems in fort lee , ” christie deputy chief of staff bridget kelly wrote in an email to port authority official david wildstein , a christie ally , on aug. ) and other news outlets . one thing is clear : this type of behavior is unacceptable and i will not tolerate it because the people of new jersey deserve better . they are heavily redacted by mr. 13 , 2013 , according to the record ( n.j. ” when reporters began calling to ask about the lane closings , mr.
he was arrested a day after his supporters fought a pitched battle with the police at his ashram . the situation began to escalate , culminating in the full-blown clashes . before arresting rampal , the police managed to evacuate more than 16,000 followers from the ashram and sent them home in buses and trains . the guru also denied all the charges against him saying " i am innocent , all the charges against me are baseless " . kaushik . the self-styled guru is wanted in connection with a 2006 murder case and for contempt of court .
the texas giant roller coaster ride sits idle in the foreground as people take in another ride a the six flags over texas park saturday , july 20 , 2013 , in arlington , texas . " he added , " most times that you have death accidents , it was something either ignorant or human error . investigators will try to determine ... a man who identified himself as ayala-goana ' s son declined comment . she turned 52 on june 28. “our deepest sympathy goes out to the family and we are providing them support as best as we can .
after several plans fell through , prosecutors say , stephen allwine poisoned his wife and shot her with the family ’ s 9mm gun . " he was seeing other women but he didn ' t want to divorce her because of his position in the church , " said kreuser , referring to the defendant ' s role as an elder in the united church of god . she did not have a prescription for that drug . the state , devore said , built a case on “theories with gaps ” and used speculation to “bridge those gaps.
, " short for " buy out the beer stores " and " promote the lakotas as a nation . in this oct. whiteclay p.l.a.n. whiteclay only has about a dozen residents , yet the four stores sold 3.5 million cans of beer in 2015. representatives of two of the whiteclay beer stores , stateline liquor and arrowhead inn , declined to comment because of their pending cases before the liquor commission . ( associated press ) lincoln , neb . martinez said she would support replacing the stores with a roller skating rink , movie theater or a park to help entertain young people .
lazarre says she was working at the six corners mattress firm last thursday when a woman jogging by stopped in and asked to use the bathroom . wgn reached out to amy schumer and her people , but never heard back . and i was was so shocked ! lazarre told her she could . unbelievable. sagine lazarre , the store employee , happily pointed her towards the restroom , not realizing the desperate jogger was schumer . she then bought the $ 2,000 mattress on the spot as a gesture of her appreciation . get push notifications with news , features and more .
a hacker claims to have stolen the upcoming season of netflix ' s ... in a message posted early saturday , “thedarkoverlord ” was arrogant and even scolding . pirated copies of " orange " could dent netflix ' s subscriber growth and the company ' s stock price . netflix said that a small production vendor that works with several major tv studios had suffered a breach . ___ associated press writer raphael satter in paris contributed to this story . “we ’ re quite ashamed to breathe the same air as you . the hacker , operating under the name the dark overlord , has already purportedly uploaded the first episode to an illegal file-sharing service .
story_separator_special_tag global stocks gained tuesday after benchmark u.s. indexes closed at record highs on monday , as the rise in oil prices continued to sustain the post-election rally . trump ' s proposals to deregulate certain markets , including banking , and rev up investing in the countries worn-out bridges , tunnels and roads has delivered a jolt to the broader equity market . britain ' s ftse 100 was 1.1 percent higher at 6,849. marketwatch ' s william watts touches on some of the stats related to the dow ' s historic move in this piece . the euro edged down to $ 1.0629 from $ 1.0638 .
sinéad o ' connor is accustomed to shocking people . as if that weren ’ t damning enough , the singer ’ s self-absorbed air appears to have irked the paper further : “with her black hair in a messy crop , and wearing glasses and a gold crucifix necklace , sinead appeared to be in a world of her own as she performed alongside [ reggae singer natty ] wailer. o ' connor has lived largely out of the spotlight for several years now , and has not released any new music since 2005. hang on .
" she was obviously pretty traumatized , " lockwood said . autumn ... autumn veatch was not , as many had feared , dead in a small-plane crash in the north cascades . jeffrey lustick of the civil air patrol . autumn somehow survived the impact and futilely tried to pull the bowmans from the wreckage . but ultimately , she decided she needed to get out of the mountains on her own . ” c.b . col. moments of joy like this can be hard to find . it wasn ’ t another reporter , wasn ’ t search-and-rescue officials , wasn ’ t more supportive friends .
cantor said he was leaving the talks because of the insistence of democrats for including tax increases in a deal to cut deficits while raising the debt ceiling . ) , and house budget committee ranking member chris van hollen ( d-md. ” “what does he propose ? he can ’ t have both . story_separator_special_tag deficit-reduction talks scheduled for thursday were cancelled after house majority leader eric cantor ( r-va. but we need to hear from him. ” in a joint statement with the chief senate republican negotiator , arizona sen. “so it ’ s worth asking : where in the world has president obama been for the last month.
among the brand names that saw declining consumer satisfaction were honda , gm ' s chevrolet , and fiat chrysler ' s jeep . the auto industry recalled nearly 64 million vehicles last year because of safety issues , the national highway traffic safety administration said earlier this year . " several fiat models just earned top honors in the 2015 j.d . “now that the economy is ” something else to consider : customer satisfaction scores may have been artificially inflated from 2008 to 2012 , the acsi report noted . the u.k. only two — acura ( up 8 percent ) and bmw ( up 3 percent ) — gained any ground , with the remaining dozen unchanged .
“he ’ s got to pull it off . they ’ ve been promising it ever since obamacare which is failed , ” president donald trump said of republicans . mcconnell on wednesday urged colleagues to drop procedural objections to the bill , a sign that his patience is wearing thin — and that he is uncertain he can win the day . “if we sit on our hands , families will continue to suffer . ted cruz rafael ( ted ) edward cruzstrategist behind warren ' s political rise to meet with o ' rourke : report trump tells mcconnell to let senate vote on criminal justice reform sanders to colbert : ' you will be my vice presidential candidate !
- country music legend , and oildale native , merle haggard has passed away on his birthday . he was 79 years old . he was inducted into the country music hall of fame in 1994. but last week haggard canceled his shows for the month of april due to his continuing efforts to recover . he died at home near redding , ca on wednesday morning . he ' d been battling back from the illness and even scheduled a string of concert dates with his pal willie nelson . i will miss him . bakersfield , calif.
san francisco city attorney ’ s office . scooters left on market street . city attorney dennis herrera said in letters to limebike , bird and spin that the city has received numerous complaints of riders whizzing by on sidewalks , not wearing helmets and parking the devices on sidewalks , obstructing the right of way . san francisco is ordering three companies that rent out motorized scooters to stop operating until ... an older man dodges a scooter downtown . but nowhere have scooters blanketed a city quite like san francisco . one of the resolution ’ s sponsors , supervisor norman yee , noted how he ’ s heard from seniors and people in wheelchairs who are “being imperiled and inconvenienced because they are having to navigate around scooters and bikes.
this man is evidently not up to this . he can ’ t debate . in carville ’ s purview , romney isn ’ t so much a “flip-flopper ” but more of a “a serial wind sock ” adding “every time you turn around , it ’ s something else. i don ' t ... -- he can ' t accumulate . he was drunk or stoned . transcript for james carville : herman cain stands ' zero chance ' and with mitt romney this flip flopping charge is -- -- -- rick perry hitting him on abc the obama campaign .
“mayonnaise is the result of eggs and olive oil . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . “i really hate mayo . mayo has always seemed to be the pet condiment among chefs , most of whom use it liberally and take pride in whisking together their own . “we do have it at the restaurant , but we never offer it or suggest it . ) mustard , which is a complete inverse to mayo , health-wise , came in nearly last on the list , after soy sauce , barbecue sauce and hot sauce , besting only steak sauce .
( associated press ) houston texans quarterback t.j. yates , left , congratulates running back arian foster on his touchdown during the first half of an nfl divisional playoff football game against the baltimore ravens in baltimore , ... " it ' s a lot better than traveling to wisconsin . san francisco beat eli manning and the giants 27-20 at home nov. 15 , 2012 .... 13. " i always say there is a right way to do things , there is a wrong way to do things and there is just the ravens ' way of doing things , " linebacker terrell suggs said .
showbiz itv vanilla ice has revealed that he dated madonna when he was 24-years-old and she was 33.the rapper admitted that it was " exciting " to have a relationship with an older woman but said he ended it when madonna published her 1992 coffee-table book sex , which featured intimate photographs of the pair and images of her with other men . she threw me in like i was a product off a shelf and i didn ' t appreciate it . " http://xml.channel.aol.com/xmlpublisher/fetch.v2.xml?option=expand_relative_urls&dataurlnodes=uiconfig , feedconfig , entry&id=691977&pid=691976&uts=1273167996 http://www.popeater.com/mm_track/popeater/music/?s_channel=us.musicpop&s_account=aolpopeater , aolsvc&omni=1&ke=1 http://cdn.channel.aol.com/cs_feed_v1_6/csfeedwrapper.swf popscene : week ' s hottest pics gabourey sidibe attends the american cancer society ' s choose you luncheon on may 5th in new york city .
judge king ruled that summy had never acquired copyright to the song ' s words . the tune was composed by two kentucky sisters in 1893. when warner asked for $ 1,500 ( £ 970 ) for the right to use happy birthday to you in the film , ms marya and mr siegel argued the song was in the public domain and should not be subject to copyright fees . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . " good " we did exhaustive historical research and none of it showed that the publisher owned anything other than copyrights to four very specific piano arrangements , " he told bbc radio 4 ' s today programme .
thirty-six healthy participants ( age ; 22.9 ± 3.1 yrs ) each observed , then rated , eight purpose-made videos ( 3 min duration ) that depicted actors with either their right or left hand in visibly warm ( warm videos ) or cold water ( cold videos ) . he said : “mimicking another person is believed to help us create an internal model of their physiological state which we can use to better understand their motivations and how they are feeling. in a recent study , a team of british neurologists pondered whether simply looking at someone shivering could cause you to experience similar body temperature shifts .
fda on standards on american cheese - https://www.fsa.usda.gov/internet/fsa ... but when lactic acid gets involved , the micelles smack into each other and create chains that trap water and turn into a mess of cheesy goo . so what should you choose ? today we ' re going answer that question for you , and while we ' re at it , we wanted to offer you some scientific advice on how to optimize your ingredients for the perfect grilled cheese experience . here comes the science ! that means sharper cheeses have a lower ph than their counterparts , which don ’ t age as long .
" " we have a legal duty to extradite mr assange . london ( reuters ) - britain said on thursday that any decision by ecuador to give julian assange political asylum wouldn ' t change a thing and that it might still revoke the diplomatic status of quito ' s embassy in london to allow the extradition of the wikileaks founder . judge for yourself ... the reports quote official sources . we remain committed to working with you amicably to resolve this matter . assange , who is an australian citizen , denies allegations that he sexually assaulted two women in stockholm in august
that ' s more of a usga issue . we sincerely apologize , " fox sports spokeswoman anne pennington said in a statement to sporting news . ] position and she sat up. ” that inappropriate language , as best we can tell : “that ’ s my ex. we ' ll see this weekend . the offensive chatter was picked up by one of fox ' s 200-plus , omnipresent on-course microphones , then mistakenly broadcast to millions of tv viewers watching fs1 ' s coverage of round 2 of the 2018 u.s. open . , on long island .
" there is no doubt in any south korean ' s mind that if there ' s war that the alliance will win and it ' s just the fact that the sheer air power that the korean and the united states - with british aircraft - that will hopefully come to our aid , can inflict on the north koreans , " he said . chun , speaking at a london think tank late wednesday , said . special guest speaker lieutenant general ( ret. ) i.-b . is he really going to do this or not ?
former south african president nelson mandela is " responding positively " to treatment for a recurring lung infection after he was taken to a hospital late wednesday , the presidency said on thursday . hide caption 5 of 30 photos : the evolution of nelson mandela the evolution of nelson mandela – from left : patrick molaoa , robert resha and mandela walk to the courtroom for their treason trial in johannesburg . nbc ' s rohit kachroo reports . it ' s the second time this month he has been hospitalized . he was 95. ” “we have full confidence in the medical team and know that they will do everything possible to ensure recovery , ” he added .
noaa unveils 1st high-resolution images from goes-16 satellite the first images from noaa ' s goes-16 satellite were taken on jan. in addition to offering more channels , the abi can provide a full disk image of the earth every 15 minutes , one of the continental u.s. every five minutes , and has the ability to target regional areas where severe weather , hurricanes , wildfires , volcanic eruptions or other high-impact environmental phenomena are occurring as often as every 30 seconds . on feb. 23. 16-17. 7 , goes-16 captured a tornado outbreak over louisiana .
pat boone -- arrest warrant is nonsense ... sure . who am i , lilo ? pat boone i can still get arrested in this town pat boone -- i can still get arrested in this town exclusive is wanted in hollywood again -- a warrant was just issued for the legendary singer ' s arrest.here ' s the breakdown -- 79-year-old boone was ordered to appear in court in connection with a lawsuit involving a condo he purchased on a luxury cruise liner.the company that ' s building the boat got sued for some of it ' s investors and lost the case .
luke ’ s , patients suffer as renowned heart transplant program loses its luster the houston hospital and its legendary surgeon denton cooley performed some of the world ’ s first heart transplants back in the 1960s . the letter mailed to her home in nearby fort bend county — one page , single-spaced and folded into an envelope with no return address — told a different story . among st. taken together , excerpts from their social media ” signed , “concerned. for the next three months , he remained connected to life-support machines , enduring nearly 20 follow-up surgeries and procedures , before dying on march 23.
[ 7 ] in popular culture [ edit ] the television series scrubs episode " my balancing act " , focuses on this theme , and the medical veteran dr. the pertinent question is whether the disease is present or not . circus officials were investigating how the zebras were able to escape . before their capture , startled philadelphians took to social media to post photos and video footage of the zebras running through the streets , with officers hot on their tails . " thus , the aphorism is an important caution against these biases when teaching medical students to weigh medical evidence .
and a second insider revealed that the kiss may have been for more than show , telling us that anthony is “still in love ” with his ex and “is trying to get back together with her. want stories like these delivered straight to your inbox ? 18 ) . 16. at the time , however , anthony did not confirm the rumors were true . anthony and de lima wed in a romantic wedding ceremony in the dominican republic on november 11 , 2014 , after a brief break in 2013. ” the former couple share 8-year-old twins emme and max .
even more unlikely than the super bowl ' s ascent to the top of the annual tv ratings chart is the fact that the league is dealing with a problem that ' s been made infinitely worse by a show about a high-school glee club . these were two teams planning on once again playing in front of an empty arena . ben cohen joins digits . photo : getty images . we all know commercials are produced to make money . awkward numerals past and future super bowls • iv ( 1970 ) • xxx ( 1996 ) • xxxviii ( 2004 ) • l ( 2016 ) • lix ( 2025 ) • c ( 2066 ) • di ( 2513 ) • md ( 3466 ) the gesture is so universal that some brand experts believe the 50th super bowl might
" when a million people without their documents drive legally and with respect in the state of california , the rest of this country will have to stand up and take notice . washington state has also seen multiple attempts to repeal its immigrant driver ' s licenses . state senate president pro tem darrell steinberg said he believes the marker is insignificant in relation to what the license will do for immigrants . manuel ... ( associated press ) democratic gov . jerry brown signs a bill , thursday oct. the state can learn a lot some immigrant advocates initially raised concerns that a different license in california would contribute to racial profiling .
according to the source , bush ’ s group has agreed to pay $ 1.3 billion for the team . all of bush and jeter ’ s partners would need to be vetted and approved by major league baseball . the team hasn ’ t consistently drawn large crowds , playing before an average of 24,313 fans this season , placing the marlins 24th out of 30 clubs . sign me up ! no one covers what is happening in our community better than we do . also , team executives have said they ’ re exploring a reworked local television contract .
as for the playful riff at the end of the news release , techar said : " i wasn ' t going to do it , but we decided to show people that we ' ve got a little bit of a sense of humor . • or any other birds after midnight with taco bell items . and toxicity leaves no characteristic lesions , " he said . the tests are " relatively expensive , and alcohol can disappear quickly . • angry birds laughing and giggling uncontrollably and appearing to be happy . the birds sustained fatal falls onto concrete from a berry-laden holly bush .
this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag a collection of news and social media from the lead-up to the referendum for independence from the iraqi state held in the kurdish region of iraq on september 25 , 2017. the collection captures the websites of news outlets in the kurdish region of iraq representing the various political parties and social media account of individuals prominent in discussions of the referendum .
" it ' s a 30-year relationship of love for one another , " she said . the correspondence included their conflicts in determining whether manning should leave the priesthood to marry kotowski . kotowski said she is not concerned with how the revelations of her relationship with manning will play out because she feels she has done nothing wrong or illegal . they know we ' re kindred spirits and soul mates . corrections : did you find an error ? mike manning ended about three years ago . " the sun story described communications between kotowski and the priest .
the weapons he boasted of included a cruise missile that he said could " reach anywhere in the world " . to rapturous applause , putin said the new technology had been developed despite skepticism from other countries about russia ' s capabilities . the display of story_separator_special_tag president says russia has new line of nuclear-capable weapons that can breach us defences vladimir putin has announced that russia has developed and is testing a new line of strategic nuclear-capable weapons that would be able to outmanoeuvre us defences , in a possible signal of a new arms race between moscow and the west .
in 1999 , he was sentenced to 55 years in prison for three sexual assaults , but as he sat behind bars the rapes continued , the times reported . vargas wrote a letter to cip and included an article from the teardrop rapist gained his nickname for a teardrop tattoo under his eye . unfortunately for luis and the people of los angeles , luis was right . skip ad ad loading ... vargas has only one . " a d.a . the most prominent red flag of all : eyewitness misidentification . vargas was convicted solely on the victims ’ accounts of the savage attacks .
an anti-islam group in the dallas , texas , suburb of irving publicized the names and addresses of over 60 muslims and muslim " sympathizers " on its facebook page . the bureau of american islamic relations ’ post targets those who spoke out against a controversial irving city council vote on islamic tribunals . rsvps for a pro-muslim rally have more than doubled in the last day , with nearly 250 people now committing to brave saturday ’ s chilly rain to support irving ’ s mosque . they had a flag . posted to facebook on wednesday by david wright iii , the list has since been removed , the morning news reported .
story_separator_special_tag nbc ' s celebrity apprentice returned to television on monday night with a new host and a new catchphrase . the show averaged 7.6 million nightly viewers in that season , and the ratings for the key demographic ( viewers aged 18 to 49 ) across that season was roughly 46 % higher than what schwarzenegger ' s debut scored on monday . so much for .... story_separator_special_tag please study this quote from lincoln ' s inaugural , @ realdonaldtrump . i wish you the best of luck and i hope you ' ll work for all of the american people as aggressively as you worked for your ratings .
the samarco mining company said in a statement on its website that it was making " every effort to prioritize care to people and mitigate damage to the environment . site of the burst dam in minas gerais state . “at daybreak , clearly we will do an awful lot more and give you further updates. authorities said there are dead and missing but have not yet given any figures . television footage showed dozens of homes destroyed by the mudslide . the germano mine is a 50-50 joint venture story_separator_special_tag rio de janeiro ( ap ) — a dam burst at a mining operation in southeastern brazil on thursday , submerging nearby homes and vehicles .
" so very happy for jess and eric , " simpson ' s father , joe , posted on twitter sunday night . and their speedy courtship took a big step forward when he accompanied her to italy to celebrate her 30th birthday in july . simpson and lachey , 37 , split in 2005 , after three years of marriage . jessica simpson is off the market ! read more better-looking high schoolers get better grades : study being hot in high school may be the equivalent of extra credit . with the netflix series debuting its second season feb.
the feminist ryan gosling book is still for sale and the site will stay up , so you can always carry a little bit of frg with you . - sam grittner ( @samgrittner ) january 9 , 2017 ryan gosling just made my heart explode . “i just would like to try and thank one person properly , and say that while i was singing and dancing and playing piano and having one the best experiences i ’ ve ever had on a film , my lady was raising our daughter , pregnant with our second and trying to help her brother fight his battle with cancer , ” gosling said in his speech .
wright allen , of the us district court for the eastern district of virginia . grimm ' s lawyers at the american civil liberties union argued that title ix -- a federal law that prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in federally funded education programs -- includes discrimination based on gender identity . he took the case to an appeals court before it was sent back to a lower court last year . read more story_separator_special_tag norfolk , va. the court denied a motion filed by the school district to dismiss grimm ' s lawsuit . the judge in norfolk ordered lawyers for the school board and former student gavin grimm to schedule a settlement conference .
in a statement to john gittins , the coroner for north wales east and central , mr wilson said his wife went a short distance ahead of him to look for a suitable route . “i didn ’ t go down in case i was also injured or killed , ” he said . the hearing was told mrs wilson , a librarian at manchester university , fractured her skull and sustained other severe injuries in the fall . is it safe? jane wilson and her husband gary , of stockport , decided not to go to the summit during the walk on march 25.
palin shared a number of photos showing her in discussion with president trump and white house adviser jared kushner , trump ’ s son-in-law . got that ? " during a concert in august , nugent told his audience that clinton was " one toxic bitch . story_separator_special_tag look who came to dinner . " nugent later apologized , " not necessarily to the president – but on behalf of much better men than myself . ! brace ! " it can ' t be argued that trump isn ' t aware of nugent ' s violent commentary . palin and nugent both campaigned for trump , while kid rock threw in for the republican nominee in interviews .
scott stearney was a decorated naval warrior , " richardson said in a statement . stearney took over as commander of u.s. naval forces central command and the combined maritime forces in may , where he commanded more than 20,000 u.s. and coalition sailors , marines , coastguardsmen , and civilians . he added that he was unaware of any investigations into stearney . stearney served 36 years in the navy . pic.twitter.com/fn8dalwung — adm. eisenhower . in the u.s. by courtney kube and phil helsel the navy admiral in charge of the military branch ’ s operations in the middle east was found dead in bahrain on saturday , the navy said .
" though thomas wasn ' t sure if he ' d call his " strong feelings " for morris " love " quite yet , he said he was excited to see morris again in australia and to " reminisce about their old days together , " his son steven thomas told abc news last month . the two eventually married other people . " she had always been on the fringes of my thoughts this whole time . the two were speechless at first and shared a warm embrace and kiss on the cheek . abc for over seven decades , the two lived separate lives .
elementary school students also revealed that they aren ’ t being challenged by their math work — 37 percent of fourth-grade students reported that their math work is often or always too easy . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . are those resources distributed fairly among different types of students and schools ? ” if students are going to succeed in the competitive global economy , they need to be exposed to a rigorous curriculum . moreover , almost one-third of 12th-grade reading students say they rarely identify main themes of a passage when reading , and almost 20 percent said they never or hardly
" the overall idea is that he wasn ' t allergic to these foods , " but in the blood transfusion , he received the protein that triggers an allergic reaction to them , she said . large amounts of immunoglobulin-e ( ige ) antibodies remain in blood products even after storage of more than a although transfusion-borne allergies are not unheard of , they are extremely rare . credit : reproduced with permission from the canadian medical association . in a 2007 case , an 80-year-old woman had an anaphylactic reaction to peanuts . fortunately , each time the allergies were short-lived and dissipated after several months because the patients did not produce the allergen antibodies themselves .
here ' s the big " oops " moment from today ' s inauguration : " the office of the president of the united sta — " is the flub , if you can call it that . they wanted to see a queen . he said in the interview : “obama could be dressed so much better . alexander abad-santos it looks like his clothing just doesn ’ t fit him . and all that official practicing on sunday seems for naught . let us know in comments or send an email to the author at aabadsantos at theatlantic dot com .
the legal fight started in 2005 when the state audited the club ' s taxes and found that it owed about $ 400,000 for not charging sales tax on the cover and dances . in his spare time , he is making mccullough , who describes himself as a " teetotaling mormon . nite moves opened in 1997 in latham , n.y. mr. last year , the court of appeals agreed to hear the case . the establishment serves nonalcoholic drinks , allowing dancers to perform nude . " the exemption also applies to theater or ballet .
women aged 21 to 29 , should have a pap test every 3 years . what makes the findings especially disturbing , said experts not involved in the research , is that when screening guidelines and follow-up monitoring are pursued , cervical cancer is largely preventable . some women believe that they can stop cervical cancer screening once they have stopped having children . kathleen m. d. anderson cancer center . the study found that previous estimates of cervical cancer death rates didn ' t account for women who had their cervixes removed in hysterectomy procedures , which eliminates the risk of developing the cancer .
captain travolta john travolta lends his talents as a qantas pilot and movie star in this qantas in-flight safety demonstration video . " but i can guarantee that the guys on the flight deck and the greater team care just as much about aircraft safety as i do . they called on qantas to use captain de crespigny . " another staff member said he had expected more from the video in the wake of recent safety disasters . " it makes us feel like we work at mcdonald ' s . " who better than the genuine aviation professionals who saved qf32?
the provision would apply only to insurance policies purchased with the federal subsidies that the health legislation would create to help low- and middle-income people , and to policies sold by a government-run insurance plan that would be created by the legislation . " senate majority leader harry m. diana degette ( colo. . we ' re not going to let this into law . . . " other issues remain unresolved . not many women who undergo abortions file private insurance claims , perhaps to avoid leaving a record . ) said she has collected more than 40 signatures from house democrats vowing to oppose any final bill that includes the amendment -- enough to block passage .
powerball at $ 500 million : what to do if you win the odds of winning the jackpot are just one in 175,000,000. but that isn ' t stopping players from trying their luck . -- dying from a lightning strike : 1 in 3 million . and the more tickets people buy , the more that jackpot will go up . mary brian lohse said , " we ' ve faced the foreclosure . weigh in below , or on twitter using #whataretheodds . from a 2011 state farm study on collisions between vehicles and deer : -- hitting a deer with a vehicle in hawaii , the state where state farm says deer-vehicle collisions are least likely : 1 in 6,267.
story_separator_special_tag shia labeouf drunken apology after bar fight shia labeouf ' s drunken apology after bar fight exclusive was conciliatory and remorseful after he headbutted a guy in a london pub , claiming he ' s just like the next guy with faults and all , adding , " i ' m super normal . are you f**king kidding me bro ? " you hear a girl -- presumably the girl shia was with -- screaming his name in a plea for him to stop.the fight went down at a pub called hobgoblin in south london thursday night -- in a pretty rough part of town .
he ' s the government is directing it . " the problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people ' s money . we also provide up to $ 1,800 per year in additional health-care dollars through deposits into employees ' personal wellness accounts to spend as they choose on their own health and wellness . these deficits are simply not sustainable . , et , jan. now employer health insurance benefits are fully tax deductible , but individual health insurance story_separator_special_tag health whole foods ceo : obamacare is ‘like fascism ’ in an interview with npr , whole foods ceo and self-professed libertarian john mackey revived his previous criticism of obamacare — but this time , with a new twist .
petersburg station . " st. it did not specify if that was on the day of the attack . reuters/grigory dukor st petersburg the main suspect in a suicide bombing on the st petersburg metro that killed 14 people had rented an apartment in the city a month before the blast , neighbors and a building maintenance worker told reuters on wednesday . osh is part of the fergana valley , a fertile strip of land that straddles kyrgyzstan , uzbekistan and tajikistan and is mainly populated by ethnic uzbeks . " everything was covered in smoke . there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , which came while president vladimir putin was visiting the city , his hometown .
sure , the headphones are reducing the volume as if you had the dial on 5 instead of 8 , but if you turn the volume to 11 it ’ ll still sound like it ’ s on 8. some of our testing they got as loud as a chainsaw or a check hammer . abc ' s nick watt has more . safe according to the world health organization . during their tests had friends that received a poorest rating kid ' s gear wired headphones yup . but choir concert claims other models went over the 85 db .
karl smith confessed to a murder thursday that his identical twin brother had been in custody for since 2003. he is serving a 99-year prison sentence for taking part in a home invasion and armed robbery in which a 6-year-old boy was shot in the head in 2008. " i ' m here to confess to a crime i committed that he was wrongly accused of , " smith told the stunned court . but this was no typical family reunion . their mother wept as she looked on . sept. 23 , 2016. but could these two brothers — so identical that for years they impersonated each other for fun — simply be pulling a fast one on authorities ?
“we have spent a lot of time looking at structures and models and it ’ s been a phenomenal experience , ” she said . ” her remarks came days after president barack obama ’ s first public appearance since leaving office . " read more “the struggles are real. obama also stressed the need to combat violence against women and improve their access to healthcare . “one issue that i am excited about continuing to work on is … to help young girls get an education around the world , ” she said , citing the let girls learn initiative she launched as first lady .
and it ’ s clear that , whatever has happened to the newborns in brazil with brain damage , the effects will be lifelong and and severely disabling . there is no treatment or vaccine . fundus photographs of a 20-day-old infant . the virus is transmitted by mosquitoes . bruno de paula freitas and colleagues at federal university of são paulo in brazil reported . they found troubling eye defects in more than a third of the babies they examined in december , and say they ruled out other known potential infections that could have caused them . that led to the suspected link — and five public health agencies in multiple countries have advised women not to get pregnant as a result .
louis ( cnn ) -- the funeral of slain ferguson , missouri , teenager michael brown was a celebration of his life , a search for meaning in his death and a battle cry to change policing in america . " brown ' s great-uncle , the rev . " family members and friends reflecting on their memories of " mike mike " recalled him saying , " one day , the story_separator_special_tag st. charles ewing , mr. 9 , by officer darren wilson , who is white . 25 , 2014. brown , who is black , was unarmed when he was shot aug.
previous research has shown that people who smoke cigarettes may have a lower risk of developing parkinson ' s disease , the researchers said . it ’ s the latest in a very long series of studies linking various pesticides to parkinson ’ s , which is caused by the loss of certain brain cells . coincidentally , there was also a study of heart disease among japanese-american men begun then that involved more than 8,000 men who were followed from mid-life to death . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . they gave details of how much milk they drank as part of a larger survey , and they donated their brains for study after they died .
8 , 2016 when she left a party in kansas city with kylr yust , a friend of her boyfriend ’ s . now it ’ s time to get into the investigation and figure out what happened to her , " graves said . “my feeling in my heart is that the other remains are kara. authorities say a mushroom hunter came across one set of remains on monday and police found the second the next day . i will kill you. he has pleaded not guilty . ” with a common link to both of their daughters ' cases , rhonda beckford and jamie runions say they decided to work together to search for their daughters and spread awareness about both girls .
his conviction was overturned on appeal last year , and he was awaiting a second trial . 19 , 1995 , murder of tina sandoval . sandoval on friday pleaded guilty in greeley district court to second-degree murder . " he should receive no additional accolades for his cooperation . that day , detectives found a wet and muddy shovel in sandoval ' s car and muddy clothes inside his home . cemetery workers then unknowingly buried the veteran over her remains . charges were not filed at the time because authorities could not find the body , any witnesses or a crime scene .
however , for people who smoked tobacco or drank alcohol -- both of which are known to cause esophageal cancer -- drinking " hot " or " burning hot " tea made their risk of cancer even higher , according to jun lv , a professor in the department of epidemiology and biostatistics at peking university and a lead author on the study . ( about 1,700 total people did. researchers followed half of the participants for at least nine years . in the study , researchers analyzed data from more than 456,000 chinese adults between ages 30 and 79 who didn ’ t have cancer at the study ’ s start .
the court ’ s refusal to hear the case represents a setback for conservative interest groups in many states that have sought aggressive action against planned parenthood and abortion providers in general . the court ' s decision not to decide strongly suggests that a majority of justices , led by roberts , would like to keep a low profile this term . follow our presidential election coverage . you can unsubscribe at any time . ( photo : ted s. ► dec. " thomas wrote . countdown to 2020 the race for 2020 starts now . " read more story_separator_special_tag supporters of planned parenthood demonstrated in seattle this summer to protest brett kavanaugh ' s nomination to the supreme court .
and it ’ s definitely a muscular incentive for new behavior to be sure . but after seeing the effects of the tax in seattle , some are worried about the tax coming to spokane . 1 repeal of the penny-per-ounce tax on sugar and artificially sweetened beverages likely will cost him more before it ’ s all over . a sign alerts costco customers to the price change and also lets them know that they can go to the company ’ s tukwila or shoreline stores to buy the product without the added charge . " i understand the reasoning behind it .
salt lake city police later said in a tweet that officers were responding to a call in area when they were alerted to assault in progress . he did not know the size of the broomstick or whether it was sharpened . " our officers arriving on scene encountered a lot of hostile people upset about what had taken place , " wilking told the deseret news . police closed the trax blue line before the old greektown stop , providing difficulties for some fans leaving the utah jazz game . after the shooting , salt lake tribune journalists saw and heard onlookers yelling obscenities at police and throwing rocks .
above : tony hawk ' s own skateboard ( left ) was the inspiration behind the updated skateboard emoji design ( right ) . and we are fixing them . the lobster emoji is expected to be available later this year . ___ information from : portland press herald , http://www.pressherald.com story_separator_special_tag score one for advocates of anatomically correct emojis . after a helpful dm exchange we settled on a new design to address all of these issues . ! ! “we heard you . we made some mistakes . well , the reference site that creates emoji images took note .
likewise , even if china went down to zero emissions , it wouldn ’ t make enough of a difference if the united states and the rest of the world didn ’ t change direction . between 2005 and 2020 , the u.s. on average must cut emissions 1.2 percent per year to meet obama ' s overall goal of 17 percent . our announcement can inject momentum into the global climate negotiations , which resume in less than three weeks in lima , peru , and culminate next year in paris . the u.s. says that would require china to develop up to 1,000 gigawatts of new power from sources like nuclear , wind and solar .
kendall added that the nugget was on par with the 159.3 ounce ‘cindy ’ s pride ’ , and surpassed prospector mick brown ’ s 87-ounce ‘fair dinkum ’ gold nugget found last year near the wedderburn , around 200km north of melbourne ; it was later auctioned for $ 175,000 . maybe we should hang up our keyboards and invest in a metal detector instead . [ minelab ] story_separator_special_tag welcome nugget this massive 68 kilo ( 150 lbs. as geeks , we get excited about phones that are 10 per cent faster than their competitors , and camera sensors that capture 20 per cent more light .
" the rehabilitation center at hollywood hills has evacuated this morning due to a prolonged power failure to the transformer which powered the facility ' s air conditioning system as a result of the hurricane , " nursing home administrator jorge carballo said in a statement . the victims who died have been identified as bobby owens , 84 ; manuel mario medieta , 96 ; miguel antonio franco , 92 ; estella hendricks , 71 ; gail nova , 71 ; carolyn eatherly , 78 ; betty hibbard , 84 ; and albertina vega , 99. ... 35th ave.
story_separator_special_tag president trump ' s homeland security adviser defended the president ' s tweet sunday morning showing him body-slamming and punching a person signifying cnn , saying “no one would perceive that as a threat. raddatz asked if the tweet is " the kind of communication you want ... we will continue to win . i had to beat #fakenews , and did . ” interested in donald trump ? .... nebraska sen. make america great again , " he tweeted after multiple posts attacking the " fake and fraudulent news media . the most reliable politics newsletter .
currently , wethington is awake and breathing on her own and is listed in fair condition . “she ’ s creating a lot of turbulence as she falling , and therefore she ’ s maximizing the time " i ' m glad to be wrong about that , " dr. he thinks the teen may have done some things accidentally to increase air drag , slowing her fall , and leading to a potentially softer , yet still serious , landing . the trauma surgeon who first treated mackenzie in the er didn ' t expect her to survive .
all of a sudden , you have five different puzzles , and you must come up with five different theories to explain them . " [ the evidence for ' planet nine ' in our solar system ( gallery ) ] researchers say an anomaly in the orbits of distant kuiper belt objects points to the existence of an unknown planet orbiting the sun . that would be unlikely -- and suspicious -- enough . as with much of the fake news and online rumor-mongering that now spreads far and wide in a flash over social media , there is a grain of truth to the story that is then twisted , exaggerated , taken out of context or conflated with others .
given the widespread rumors about mashaei ’ s travels , it is likely that khamenei and his allies are aware of his efforts to open a channel to washington . ahmadinejad ' s obsession with the hidden imam is well known . conservative clerics , who say that the mahdi ' s return cannot be predicted , have accused a " deviant current " within the president ' s inner circle , including mashaei , of being responsible for the film . in this environment , both ahmadinejad and khamenei understand that the legitimacy of their increasingly isolated regime is in danger .
” but a market decrease shouldn ' t affect brad and angelina ' s personal bank account too much . perhaps jolie ’ s new job description will give us some insight into the ring-endangerment risks of a special envoy : according to the less-renowned celebrity-ring-speculation source the associated press , “jolie ’ s new position will focus on the complex crises that result in the mass displacement of people , such as in afghanistan and somalia . " everyone hugged once that can mean conveying messages to governments . now , could they nab the same title with their wedding photos ?
view images a segment from the feathered tail of a dinosaur that lived 99 million years ago is preserved in amber . ( learn more about the evolutionary relationship between dinosaurs and birds. feathered , but could it fly ? modern birds and their closest cretaceous ancestors feature a set of fused tail vertebrae called a pygostyle that enables tail feathers to move as a single unit . “it wasn ’ t until lida took a close look at it that he realized there were feathers coming off the side of the little filaments running through the amber , ” said co-lead author ryan mckellar , a paleontologist with the royal saskatchewan museum in regina , canada .
“it ’ s been one of the best , ” said cerza , wearing a large foam chicken wing on his head while sporting a magenta robe with the title “wing king ” on the back . , came in third . va. no humans . the crowd seemed to enjoy watching the women ’ s commanding performance . samantha knight of buffalo and boyfriend dan riggi of scotia said they ate about 40 wings and were still adding to their total . “we ’ re jammin ’ , we ’ re rockin ’ , ” said rob rush , general manager of dinosaur bar-b-que , the popular restaurant chain in syracuse , rochester , troy and harlem that is scheduled to open in buffalo in january .
since audrey parker ’ s assisted death on nov. audrey parker , who died on thursday , said before passing away that she was forced to die early due to the current assisted dying laws in canada . “if canadians are staunchly in favour of something , then that ’ s our job to go out and try to advocate for those things on behalf of canadians , ” he added . ms. 1. parker , 57 , was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer in 2016. she qualified to do so under canada ’ s assisted-dying legislation .
’ ’ wang ’ s older cousin added , “he is so brave. alex was tragically killed during the mass shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school on february 14 , 2018. the following day , cruz told authorities he shot " students that he saw in the hallways and on school grounds , " according to an arrest affidavit . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . as a freshman , alex loved the marching band and played the trombone and baritone as part of the eagle regiment marching band - the top marching band in the state of florida !
" these recommendations are based on an evaluation of available information on the health risks and benefits associated with high-quality , medically performed male circumcision and were developed to pertain to men and male newborns in the united states , " the document said . jonathan mermin . file - in this july 28 , 2011 , file photo , anti-circumcision activists frank mcginness , right , and jeff brown rally against circumcision with about 25 protesters outside a san francisco courthouse . aaron tobian , a johns hopkins university researcher involved in one of the african studies . the guidelines also emphasize that “male circumcision is a voluntary procedure ” and that decisions about circumcision should take “personal , cultural , religious and ethical beliefs ” into account .
— police were summoned to a rock hill school last week when a student became so disorderly that it took three teachers and an administrator to restrain him , according to a police report . after being ushered into a hallway by the teacher , the 5 ’ 2 ” , 125-pound boy “began to stomp on her feet repeatedly. he was released to his mother . deprived of his apple tablet , the child crawled under a desk , then emerged to begin flipping over chairs in the classroom . two fellow students “were disorderly ” during the september 26 ipad incident and had to be separated by school administrators , though they “were able to be calmed.
but many people who hear voices say that they aren ' t so much " voices " as they are characters , with personalities , who are trying to hold conversations . we experience things we would never experience in real life . sleep is divided into four distinct stages . the entire study is available online at the lancet psychology . jacob ' s apparent theophany was a dream , nothing more . story_separator_special_tag « a bias in field goals and penalty kicks ? and behold , the lord stood above it , and said , ‘i am the lord , the god of abraham your father and the god of isaac .
on wednesday , the justices heard oral argument in knick v. ' " referring to a 2010 high court decision loosening a century of federal restrictions on corporate spending by " independent " groups like businesses and unions . outbursts in the supreme court are rare . the incident occurred near the end of debate between the nine justices on the bench and counsel , in a case over attorney fees in patent disputes . the calendar for the october sitting is available on the court ’ s website . v. oliveira . guido . alabama . u.s. fish and wildlife service and mount lemmon fire district v.
the first daughter took in “come from away ” with the canadian prime minister wednesday night , according to the new york times . ivanka trump had justin trudeau on her arm at a broadway show about embracing strangers . you really went out of your way. sign up for breaking news emails privacy policy thanks for subscribing ! one recurring subplot involves prejudice against muslims . smith , astrid van wieren and sharon wheatley . 11 , 2001 attacks . . . . . it ’ s a nice touch . trudeau had previously announced that he ' d be in attendance with his wife .
clayton . ” the article adds that clayton ’ s death “symbolizes how female soldiers are increasingly exposed to hazardous situations in training and in combat on par with their male counterparts. in a special edition , life honored his career and printed his final pictures . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . clayton , 22 , of augusta , ga. story_separator_special_tag spc . hilda i. at fort meade , clayton ’ s name was added to the dinfos hall of heroes . she was attached to the 4th armored brigade combat team , 1st cavalry division , based at forward operating base gamberi in eastern afghanistan .
you have helped us try to begin to start the healing process by seeing the strength each one of you have . the hospital announced the visit in a post on facebook . they visited patients at university medical center on sunday . 1 shooting that claimed the lives of 58 concertgoers and injured hundreds of others at the route 91 harvest festival . 8 , 2017. jason aldean ’ s wife , brittany , posted this photo of the couple on her instagram account on sunday , oct. contact kailyn brown at kbrown@viewnews.com or 702-387-5233.
a " story_separator_special_tag protesters in berkeley , calif. hamaoui said it ' s unclear who hanged the effigies and police are looking into the matter . chris wiggins for usa today students protest on the uc berkeley campus . " i don ' t care if it was a white person , a black person , a blue person , if it was an adversary or ally , these images strewed across campus have terrorized my students . organizers worked hard to keep the protest peaceful after nights of destruction . learn more as of late afternoon , no suspect had been identified .
the sun ' s magnetic field is gearing up to shift , a once in 11 year event , according to nasa officials . follow miriam kramer @mirikramer and google+ . they can harm satellites and astronauts in space , and the wrinkled current sheet better protects the planet from these particles . original article on space.com . 5 ) . history says no . story_separator_special_tag get ready , earth . clarification : the sun has gone through 24 solar cycles since scientists began recording solar activity . " so should we be concerned about the reversal of the sun ' s magnetic field ?
hillary clinton ' s iowa edge is gone . this compares to results of a july 2 survey by the independent quinnipiac ( kwin-uh-pe- ack ) university showing clinton at 52 percent , with 33 percent for sanders and 7 percent for biden . one of the effects of such a system is that it would substantially strengthen the fundraising power of campaigns like that of bernie sanders , which rely on aggregating a large amount of small donations from a broad base of donors . sanders has seized the momentum , five months before voting begins in iowa .
british airways canceled all flights from london ' s heathrow and gatwick ... " said a tweet on the official ryanair account , along with the hashtag #shouldhaveflownryanair . ba customers are facing a third day of travel disruption because of a breakdown in the airline ' s computer system . flew once 11 years ago , vowed never again .. ouch . chief executive alex cruz has posted videos on twitter apologising for what he called a " horrible time for passengers " . some people saw the funny side : @ryanair i am crying this is bloody brilliant 😂😂😂😂 — dannii ( @dannii_bjroe ) may 28 , 2017 others didn ' t : @ryanair isn ' t this a bit like a run down corner shop poking fun at sainsbury ' s ?
punta gorda police chief tom lewis called the shooting a “horrible accident ” and said that everyone involved was in a “state of overwhelming shock and grief. knowlton ’ s facebook page says she worked at the public library in scott county , minn. and they have not released the name of the officer , who has been placed on administrative leave . ” these scenarios are usually safe , acted out with either fake or empty weapons . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . the web archiving was performed in the fall and winter of 2016 to capture websites prior to the january 20 , 2017 inauguration .
murray county assistant district attorney david pyle , who negotiated the guilty plea , said petty is " legally blind " and that was a major factor in his decision not to insist on prison time . benjamin lawrence petty , 36 , tied rope around the girl ' s wrists , raped her and then threatened her with physical harm if she told anyone , according to the criminal charge . documents indicate that he had no prior felony convictions . “the big thing is mr. but a group that works to prevent and eliminate sexual and domestic violence said the sentence sends the wrong message .
" she said , ' i have a lot of money in that couch and i really need it , ' " guasti said . who should they trust to give it to in their name ? twenty minutes after sitting on an old , musky couch , three college students were now miraculously standing on $ 40,000 in cash . don ’ t tell anyone about the money . questions came into focus . werkhoven called her the next morning . find the woman from the envelope . the roommates had purchased it at a salvation army store and found ...
on the other hand , it ' s just a single guy ' s head floating in space , and a demo , at that . social is another key tentpole for the ps4 , according to cerny . but the next expensive , gorgeous era of gaming is here : the playstation 4. all of this is clearly an answer to a major complaint from studios about the previous generation , which was infamously tricky to master from a software perspective . sound familiar ? cityscape scenes and view distance are pleasantly massive . he suggested tech could interfere with design innovation .
cashe ' s “sanford pd ’ s a big disappointment to me and to others , ” said beasley . " allen dion cashe in a 2015 booking photo . " but police chief cecil e. cashe is accused of going on his shooting spree around 6 : 30 a.m. police let him leave the scene after he got his keys , which sparked the argument . who ? story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . " you have an attitude coming home from the club drunk . a few hours before a florida woman and her 8-year-old son were fatally shot last week , police responded to a domestic dispute between the woman and the suspect .
the report follows on cnn ' s reporting last week that trump ' s attorneys are arguing that mueller ' s team has not met the " high threshold " it needs to have trump in a face-to-face interview . mueller will subpoena the president to testify before a grand jury , setting up a court fight that would drastically escalate the investigation and could be decided by the supreme court . there is no obstruction whatsoever . their stance puts them at odds with mr. mueller also carries political consequences . mueller as part of the investigation into possible ties between his associates and russia ’ s election interference , and whether he obstructed justice .
” to mark the centenary of its acquisition , uc is releasing a new digital edition and translation of the canterbury roll . and it ’ s utterly bonkers that no-one really knows we have it , because it ’ s magnificent ! wikimedia commons / hbo theon grew up in winterfell as a ward to lord eddard stark and a surrogate brother to robb . here are seven more possible historical connections . ) 1. king joffrey is edward of lancaster . martin based much of game of thrones on medieval european history . the ambassador of milan once wrote , " this boy , though only 13 years of age , already talks of nothing but of cutting off heads or making war , as if he had everything in his hands or was the god of battle or the peaceful occupant of that throne .
so it ' s not exactly surprising that the cities sitting atop gravy ' s list for hosting the most environmentally-themed events also tend to cluster near the top of rankings of greenest cities based on other metrics . does a critical mass of self-congratulatory " awareness building " festivals necessarily translate into a city and its citizens making serious strides toward protecting the earth ? flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . you can look the energy efficiency of its buildings , the average carbon footprint of its citizens or even the number or people who have " an inconvenient truth " in their netflix queue .
' that ' s morally reprehensible and , from a marketing perspective , that ' s just wrong and needs to stop , " hockley said . ” nancy lanza bought the bushmaster ar-15 used in the shooting . he then killed himself . justice raheem l. a representative for the court declined to say when it would rule . the families are advancing a somewhat novel legal argument in hopes of overcoming a federal law enacted by u.s. congress in 2005 to shield gun manufacturers from liability for how their products are used . liable for adam lanza ’ s shooting spree .
the skull of the " vampire of venice " was found in a mass grave with a brick stuck in its jaw . follow marc lallanilla on twitter and google+ . just when the bodies were buried is open to speculation . even people who abided by old pagan customs and left food on the graves of dead relatives could fall foul of accusations of vampirism , and suffer a prompt execution . original article on livescience.com . there were other , equally bizarre ways of dealing with vampire burials , according to research published by forensic anthropologist matteo borrini .
this week , they launched a website where they ' ve posted some of their recordings . " we can attest to the fact all people " the nsa employs many 3rd party contractors , [ and ] we consider ourselves to be contractors of this nature , albeit in a unpaid and unsanctioned capacity , " reads the email . but to be clear , what you ' re doing is against the law new york state , because to record a conversation , one person needs to give their consent to being taped . another man describes his gay lover ’ s unusual sexual fetish , which involves engaging in fake fistfights , “like we were doing a scene from batman returns .
as isil has marched across iraq , it has waged a ruthless campaign against innocent iraqis . people are starving . countless iraqis have been displaced . today i authorized two operations in iraq — targeted airstrikes to protect our american personnel , and a humanitarian effort to help save thousands of iraqi civilians who are trapped on a mountain without food and water and facing almost certain death . " the ... in recent days , yazidi women , men and children from the area of sinjar have fled for their lives . ___ good evening . let me explain the actions we ' re taking and why .
but it took global news coverage of the 2010 eruption of the eyjafjallajökull volcano , cameo tv and film roles for iceland ’ s scenery , and some quirky tourism campaigns to really grab the world ’ s attention . a tourist at breiðamerkurjökull glacier . over the years , the site has become a stop for tourists . a tourist floats in the blue lagoon , which sits in a lava field in grindavik . ragnar th . “before airbnb was even booming , we had locals invite tourists to their homes . witnessing the northern lights is on most travelers ' wish lists .
" we will continue discussions with the president and our democratic and republican colleagues in the days ahead to improve the proposal before it comes to the house floor for a vote , " she said in a written statement . ) , who had been withholding support over the bill ' s tax cuts for upper-income taxpayers . the two-year cost of the plan , estimated at about $ 850 billion , would further swell record federal deficits . backers now include senate majority leader harry reid ( d. from left are , commission ... bush . sen.
in a video posted online , mr umarov said the attack was a response to " russian crimes in the caucasus " . 24 attack at moscow ' s domodedovo airport killed 36 people . it means tighter controls outside airport buildings and more document checks . as in many other airports , there were no security procedures to go through in order to get into that area . but few russians believe that these measures will prevent future terror attacks and provide them security . " we can at any time carry out operations where we want . the jan.
the father said he had not seen his son since he and his mother , laurel harper , moved to oregon about two years ago , but said there was no “disharmony or any bitterness ” between him and his son . authorities identified mercer as the gunman who went on a deadly shooting rampage at umpqua ... image christopher harper-mercer credit associated press . the police have yet to release a possible motive for the killings . mr. ( associated press ) vanessa becker , chairwoman of the umpqua community college board of trustees , speaks during a news conference , saturday , oct.
ryan speaks while campaigning for romney at a textile factory in janesville , wisconsin , on june 18 , 2012. washington ( cnn ) the era of paul ryan has begun on capitol hill after house republicans nominated the 45-year-old wisconsin congressman to serve as speaker of the house , setting him up to be the youngest to ascend to the post since before the civil war . then-budget committee chairman john m. spratt jr. rep. he ’ s changing his office . ryan follows president george w. romney jokes with ryan in april 2012 during a pancake brunch at bluemound gardens in milwaukee .
no , that ' s why i was surprised , because i said like i don ' t know that person that would talk that way , and that he would say that kind of stuff in private , " melania trump said . and with the details ... did they ever check the background of these women ? cruz denied involvement in the release of the photos . and we are moving on. so you get an idea of what the settlement could be . 05 : 35 she specifically attacked a first-person account in people magazine , in which journalist natasha stoynoff said trump made an unwanted advance while she worked on a story about his one-year wedding anniversary .
“i have ” been interviewed , manigault newman said , though she said her “hands are tied ” over any discussion of what she was asked . ' " omarosa : " well , that is not good work by general [ john ] kelly for quickly firing that dog ! in recent weeks , mr. the former fbi director is investigating russian interference in the 2016 election and links between trump aides and moscow . trump has called don lemon , a cnn anchor , “the dumbest man on television. ” he has questioned the intelligence of lebron james , a star basketball player for the los angeles lakers .
" still , jones offered advice to victims of bullying and how they can handle it . on friday , keaton jones of knoxville , tennessee , described the painful ordeal to his mother kimberly in a facebook video , where he breaks down in tears . my kids are by no stretch perfect , &amp; at home , he ' s as all boy as they come , but by all accounts he ' s good at school . i promise it gets better , " evans wrote on twitter . country music star kelsea ballerini and retired race car driver dale earnhardt jr.
ricks : i also had to validate each one of those statements and i was , in my mind , i was saying , " i ' m not going to take this out , it sounds valid . what of you is in that wording ? the vast majority of native trees will be snapped or uprooted . but our local expertise said otherwise . story_separator_special_tag new orleans — on aug. special message . perhaps longer . evacuations were under way and people were just starting to arrive at the superdome . over the newswires — at nbc news headquarters in new york and across the country — came a document , titled : " urgent ...
the story , based on the best-seller by sara gruen , is told as a flashback by an old man named jacob ( hal holbrook ) , who lost his parents in 1931 , dropped out of cornell university ' s veterinary school , hit the road and hopped a train that happened , wouldn ' t you know , to be a circus train . in ms. tennenbaum . directed by francis lawrence . what makes " water for elephants " more intriguing is a third character , reminding us why christoph waltz deserved his supporting actor oscar for " inglourious basterds " ( 2009 ) .
" i then used a wheelchair that had a tall pole on the back of it and taped my iphone to that . [ h/t reddit ] story_separator_special_tag las vegas , june 10 ( upi ) -- a man waiting overnight in las vegas ' mccarran airport recorded a cell phone video of himself lip-syncing celine dion ' s 1996 single " all by myself " while he waited alone for his flight . quite fun ! i would tuck different stuff under the bag to get the right angle . for the escalator shot i had to sprint up the steps after i got my shot so the computer bag didn ' t hit the top and fall back down .
" he said that he was pepper-sprayed twice during the day . ( ap ) — the latest on the white nationalist rally being held in charlottesville ( all times local ) : 11 : 54 p.m. three more men have been arrested in connection to the violent clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in charlottesville . we couldn ' t even see them . o ' brien , 44 , of gainesville , florida , was charged with carrying a concealed handgun . " and just went flying everywhere , the pedestrians . ” .. she said her son hadn ' t given her any details about the rally but that she told him " to be careful " and to peaceful .
) and infowars host alex jones clashed outside a senate intelligence committee hearing today , with the lawmaker saying he ’ d “take care of ” jones as the far-right provocateur mockingly called him a “little gangster thug " and " frat boy . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . marco rubio ( r-fla. learn more rubio first attempted to answer his questions , then tried to ignore jones ’ s heckling , but the troll kept going . this is perhaps why jones attended the hearing – to , once again , enter the spotlight .
this is the line for early voting in #houston . beto o ' rourke . ) , who ' s campaigning for democratic candidates , said he doesn ’ t believe in a blue wave . at his rallies , president donald trump argues that the midterm elections are about one person — donald trump . literally people camped out last night so they could be among the first to vote . ted cruz , saying democrats " have launched an assault on the sovereignty of our country . republican-affiliated voters have outpaced democratic-affiliated voters in early voting in seven closely watched states , according to data provided by targetsmart and independently analyzed by the nbc news data analytics lab .
it was barely after 7 : 30 a.m. at santa fe high school , about 35 miles southeast of houston , when gunfire first resounded through the halls , the opening volley of yet another massacre at an american high school that would leave students , teachers and staff members shocked , and in some cases bloodied . pagourtzis has been charged with capital murder . and i saw him with a shotgun . ” “why so ? but they were not necessarily surprised . his sweet and loving spirit will be greatly missed by all . " he was a wonderful son , brother , grandson and friend .
the stock rose as much as 36,000 percent from may 15 to yesterday ’ s intraday high . it marks stocks it deems suspicious , including cynk , with a skull-and-crossbones icon and a “buyer beware ” warning . the sec on friday halted trading in cynk — whose price had shot up more than 100-fold since mid-june — because of concerns ... cynk ’ s social network appears to have no members , no revenue , no assets and only one employee . cynk technology corp. eventually , we asked for his number and called story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
” pressed by host george stephanopoulos on whether the romney ’ s argument that 92.3 percent of jobs lost under president barack obama have been among females , geithner said , “it ’ s a ridiculous argument . ” issa , who chairs the house oversight and government committee , also noted that he believes the number of agents involved in the controversy may be higher than what is currently being reported , while dismissing the claim that obama was never in danger during his trip abroad . kirsten gillibrand ( d-n.y. " appearing on the same show , sen.
lavoie suffered " hypothermia , dehydration and starvation , " police said , but he is expected to survive his injuries . he wasn ' t even bourbeau has researched hundreds of similar stories , some of which include cannibalism . lavoie ' s survival might be called miraculous , as he had been in the wilderness for more than three months . police say he was rescued just in time . 21. police believe lavoie survived the bear attack uninjured , sometime in august , when his german shepherd got in between the man and the bear , sgt .
how i wish he could have known why he was struggling , that it was not a weakness in his heart , spirit , or character . correspondence to s. the subjects though were starting to fall predominantly in the category of fear and anxiety . schneider williams : susan{ at } susanschneiderfineart.com i am writing to share a story with you , specifically for you . robin and i had in each other a safe harbor of unconditional love that we had both always longed for . i wondered privately , is my husband a hypochondriac ?
if the idea of “digital natives ” was just jargon that advertisers used to sell to the story_separator_special_tag digital natives marc coined the terms “digital natives ” and “digital immigrants ” in an essay in 2001 , bringing together under this umbrella concepts that had been floating around the idea world in various guises . thomas trutschel/photothek/getty some people put the cut-off at 1984 , but for most it is 1980. d. bruyckere teach . educ . 67 , 135 – 142 ; 2017 ) . the implications go beyond insurance . a. kirschner and p.
he used it appropriately , so it was very purposeful from what we found in our investigation that he knew exactly what he was doing , and preferred to use his own equipment against procedure . call 888-598-7793 for questions or to schedule an appointment . " brahm told reporters that the tomah va has made improvements but still has others to make . several veterans weau 13 news spoke with tuesday on and off camera say me they were surprised and concerned to hear the news out of the tomah va. testing is available through dec. the va also referred the case to the inspector general for assessment of any criminal charges .
must watch report : kate middleton ' s phone hacked 02 : 19 31 photos : will and kate ' s royal family 31 photos : will and kate ' s royal family britain ' s prince william and catherine , duchess of cambridge pose for a photo with their children , princess charlotte and prince george in the french alps on thursday , march 3. the court heard that a series of private messages that were intended to be shared only by the two young lovers have recently been unearthed as part of the police investigation . hide caption 5
what ' s more , it could even increase opportunities for early intervention for children diagnosed with autism . the hormone also heightens social sensitivity , social awareness , generosity and trust in people . we can change the way these patients interact with people from childhood . in this recent study , researchers from france ' s center of cognitive neuroscience used nasal inhalers to give oxytocin to 13 individuals with high-functioning autism or asperger ' s syndrome . " because previous research has indicated that some people with autism might have abnormally low levels of oxytocin , conducting tests to identify those people and administering them the hormone might help as well , said karen parker , an assistant professor of psychiatry at stanford university school of medicine .
" chardonnay : " lush tropical fruit flavors and a bright finish will transport you to a warm , sunny day at the farmers market . story_separator_special_tag new line of wines made with california-grown grapes . these wines are just the right blend of incredible quality and amazing value that guests can only get at target . monrovia-based trader joe ’ s in 2002 launched its popular charles shaw wines at $ 1.99 a bottle . as long as you ’ re not super snobby about the cost of your wine , you ’ ll likely find and love one of the five new gems from target .
chaney , who had been a supervisor in the secret service ’ s international programs division , retired under pressure wednesday , according to people familiar with an internal agency investigation into the allegations that 11 agents and uniformed officers participated in a night of carousing april 11 ahead of president obama ’ s visit to the summit of the americas . " palin said . , is seen on capitol hill in washington . " well , check this out , buddy _ you ' re fired ! jeff sessions , r-ala. " after a friend commented on the picture posted in january 2009.
eric says he ’ s firing up a cell phone jammer that he bought online to shut down conversations he doesn ’ t want to hear . after a little while , i noticed that everyone else on the bus on his/her cell was having the same problem . “it is my understanding it is more of a gray area . anytime someone would try their cell again , this guy would subtly turn in their direction , press a button and point it at them , then continue reading his book under his creepy hood ... nbc10 investigator harry hairston reports .
” on a separate occasion last year , chua offered more detail , telling a group of students that it ’ s “not an accident ” that kavanaugh ’ s law clerks “look like models , ” chua said , according to an account published in the guardian on thursday . he has denied the allegation . but the process made some students deeply uncomfortable . sign up for the us morning briefing . the professors proffering the advice are themselves well-known . ) the other was kavanaugh . [ rubenfeld ] told me , ' kavanaugh hires women with a certain look ' .
" look , it ' s not a miracle cure . bag while he checked emails for the next 40-or-so minutes , and she left in time for him to start his day . we can treat you at our las vegas iv hangover clinic near trump tower , or we can come to you and treat your hangover in your hotel room . if anyone was going to talk me out of this , it was going to be a physician i ’ d drank too much with before . but it ' s also about bringing in a new revenue stream .
the gran acuifero maya ( gam ) , a project dedicated to the study and preservation of the subterranean waters of the yucatan peninsula , said the 347-km ( 216-mile ) cave was identified after months of exploring a maze of underwater channels . for that reason , sac actun now absorbs dos ojos . a diver exploring sistema sac actun credit : handout this is not , technically , an uncovering of a new wonder - more a joining of dots . the interconnected system measures 347 kilometers and has an average depth of 20 meters , although in some sections it is as shallow as two meters and in others as deep as 100.
lost opportunities the changes to the working week will “lead to greater convergence with global markets , ” saudi capital market chairman mohammad al-sheikh , who ’ s based in riyadh , said in a statement yesterday . msci inc. to contact the reporters on this story : samuel potter in dubai at spotter33@bloomberg.net ; glen carey in riyadh at gcarey8@bloomberg.net to contact the editor responsible for this story : claudia maedler at cmaedler@bloomberg.net the weekend moves from thursday and friday . the kingdom has taken other steps in recent months .
the girl , a student at the jameah academy in leicester , was on a school visit to the park when the incident occurred . ' really dangerous ' west midlands ambulance service said it sent paramedics by land and air to the site . the classmate said evha had almost missed the trip because she did not have suitable clothing and had to borrow some from her school at the last moment . " we are trying to make sense of this terrible tragedy . " image caption the girl ' s school was also shut for the day image caption
in the market for tablets and e-readers , barnes &amp; noble inc. the news comes on the heels of an industry rumor that microsoft ( msft ) is considering the purchase of the nook brand . overall , barnes &amp; noble reported a fourth quarter net loss of $ 118.6 million , nearly double its loss from a year ago . barnes &amp; noble said the nook hd has simply become too costly to produce , despite the fact that its has successfully reduced overhead costs in recent months . the software giant already invested in the nook business , taking a 17.6 % stake in april 2012.
but she never expected to play a role in documenting it . " i don ' t have that many twitter followers , and i basically tweet about sports , " gordon tells mashable . story_separator_special_tag when stefanie gordon boarded her plane in new york city to visit her parents in palm beach , the captain noted there was a chance passengers would witness the space shuttle endeavour ' s last launch during the flight . twitvid will soon become telly ! on the ground , she posted one of the photos to her then 1,800 twitter followers . the new twitter friends aren ' t bad either .
the court filing says that van der zwaan lied to investigators about his interactions with rick gates . gates was manafort ' s business partner . ” — story_separator_special_tag president donald trump , first lady melania trump and their son barron trump disembark air force one upon arrival at andrews air force base , md. van der zwaan was an associate in skadden ' s london office , according to reports . the law firm told cnbc in a statement that it " terminated its employment of alex van der zwaan in 2017 and has been cooperating with authorities in connection with this matter .
” ruemmler is the white house counsel . “she ’ s a lawyer ’ s lawyer , ” said neal katyal , acting solicitor general in obama ’ s first term and a close friend . ) but it registers nonetheless . senior white house officials were stunned to see the irs trying to get ahead of its own story — and in doing so , creating a monstrous communications disaster for an administration that appeared not to know what its agencies were up to . ” guys , there is a regular carrie bradshaw in the white house .
image copyright ritzau foto image caption kim wall boarded peter madsen ' s submarine nautilus on 10 august , and then disappeared a danish inventor charged over the death of swedish journalist kim wall has said she died in an accident on his submarine and he " buried " her at sea , copenhagen police say . “i was just taking a practice trip , where i was playing with in denmark , the crime can lead to a sentence of up to eight years in prison . the search for her body continues . no further information will be given with regard to the investigation of the case , since it is being conducted behind closed doors , ” the police statement read .
he pleaded guilty to four charges in yellowstone and grand teton national parks . reinke , scheduled for a trial , entered a change of plea on august 23. you ' re lucky the bison didn ' t take care of it , and you ' re standing in front of me . the park averages one bear attack per year . both grizzly and black bears call yellowstone home . story_separator_special_tag a bear charged and injured a 10-year-old boy in yellowstone national park on thursday , before his parents were able to get a hold of their bear spray , park officials said .
" as for the woman who snapped those incriminating selfies , another student said , " that ' s kinda dumb to take pictures of yourself . @elcerritopd cops don ' t think this suspect knew her selfies would transfer to icloud from phone stolen from teen . stop showing people you have nice stuff , because people might be wanting the stuff that you have . after the girl refused , the woman punched her in the head , knocking her unconscious , took the phone and backpack and got back into the car and drove away , police said .
that ' s when the employee asked deputies if they were about to leave . it ' ll be a fundraiser for the behind the badge foundation , and the date and participating restaurants will be announced once north works out the details . " they always seem like really good people . story_separator_special_tag sedro-woolley , wash. " yeah , i want police to coming , " one of the owners said . reichardt said his chief deputy followed up with the owner . reichardt says the deputies were told that customers didn ' t like law enforcement there .
we all think it ' s important , at this moment , for paula to concentrate on responding to the allegations against her and on her path forward . target announced thursday it was severing ties with the former tv chef , while shopping network qvc announced it was " taking a pause " in its relationship with deen . ballantine , an imprint of random house inc. but not everyone is running fast in the other direction . people deserve second chances . , and specializes in southern comfort food , came under increasing attack . , restaurants .
" the army statement said the blasts were caused by a car bomb and an explosive device that went off near the army command buildings . syrian authorities regularly refer to rebels fighting to topple assad ' s regime as terrorists . born on july 30 , 1979 in syria , maya naser studied political science at kuplan university , ny , us . ao/hjl/is " everything is normal , " he said . over the past few months , rebels have increasingly targeted security sites and symbols ... “press tv will pursue the matter of the murder of maya and would not let those who killed the correspondent feel like they can kill the media people and get away with it , ” he emphasized .
for the first time in the jessica ridgeway murder case , investigators released the description of man who used a chemical-soaked rag in an unsuccessful attempt to abduct a 22-year-old woman near ketner lake on may 28. he was about 5 feet , 8 inches tall . police have said they had no information connecting jessica ' s case to any other previous metro area abduction cases . police are also looking for a local business that may sell these specific crosses . she was able to get away and called 911 from her cell phone . investigators are asking the public to call if they know of someone whose behavior has been unusual , including failing to show up at family activities or abrupt changes in appearances or habits around memorial day or oct.
air force staff sgt . luis a. in 1996 , dozens of women at the aberdeen proving ground in maryland accused male supervisors of rape , sexual assault and other offenses in 1996. air force officials said more instructors could be charged as a result of the current investigations , with recruits being encouraged to report episodes anonymously through a 24-hour tip line . “we ’ re not satisfied that this one unit is all there is , ” maj. gen. after hearing the pronouncements of several guilty walker found guilty on all charges of sexual misconduct photo : john davenport , san antonio express-news image 1 of / 2 caption close image 1 of 2 air force staff sgt .
artist ryan mendoza saved rosa parks ' old detroit home from demolition by moving it to germany . it is significant that parks ' former detroit home found a place of honor in a country whose leaders once supported a belief in a master race and practiced genocide . ” but , mendoza said , detroit ' s cultural institutions , so far , have shown little interest in bringing the house back . president john f. the bus — no . kennedy gave his famous " ich bin ein berliner " address and president ronald reagan implored soviet leader mikhail gorbachev to " tear down this wall , " referring to the berlin wall .
the university of tokyo released photos of a rat with cartilage in the shape of a human ear implanted on its back . over the past several years artificial discs have emerged as an alternative , but they can wear out as they work . then this month a team at massachusetts general hospital found a way to encourage stem-like cells to develop into vascular precursor cells , a key step on the way to becoming blood vessel cells . harvard bioscience created the custom scaffold and bioreactor for the experimental procedure . born without a trachea , she needed help breathing , eating , drinking and talking .
“i want to make it virtually impossible for anyone who has mental issues to use a gun , ” scott said . " my focus is on bringing in law enforcement . the brunt of those brutal incidents and arrests falls on black students , and high-profile incidents of officers kicking students , choking them , handcuffing third-graders , and slamming students to the ground are all too common . scott had stopped short of a story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) a week after one of the deadliest mass shootings in modern us history , florida gov . chuckling , he added , " so what should we do about reducing airline hijacking ?
this group allegedly involved in the incident is not recognized by the university nor zeta beta tau fraternity . zbt fraternity suing group linked to hazing deaths for using its name “it ’ s certainly different , it ’ s certainly novel and i ' m not sure why they ' d take that step , ” derohannesian said . rather , these men are a separate rogue group not authorized to use the zeta beta tau name . albany , ny ( news 10 ) – a total of seven men have been charged in the 2014 hazing death of university at albany student trevor duffy .
the 2015 iucn red list of threatened species implicated climate change in the extinction of another mammal , the little swan island hutia ( geocapromys thoracatus ) , a rodent previously found on a coral atoll in honduras . it had reddish-brown fur with a paler underbelly , relatively small ears and a long tail with a prehensile tip . , logs and assorted driftwood , whole palm trees and other vegetation ) on bramble cay . this made it australia ' s most isolated species of mammal . " consequently , at this stage , it may be premature to declare the bramble cay melomys extinct on a global scale story_separator_special_tag bramble cay melomys common name : bramble cay melomys scientific name : melomys rubicola ( melo = melanesian , mys = mouse ; rubicola = bramble ( cay ) family : muridae ( native rats and mice ) conservation status : this species is listed as extinct in the wild in queensland ( nature conservation act 1992 ) and endangered nationally ( environment protection and biodiversity conservation act 1999 ) .
in a resignation letter , sebastian gorka cited " forces " that do not support president trump ' s " maga promise " as being ascendant in the white house . president , is from outside the people ’ s house. california democratic reps. ” miller previously worked as communications director for attorney general jeff sessions jefferson ( jeff ) beauregard sessionswarren : trump should have fired pruitt ‘28 scandals ago ’ judge rejects trump administration ' s request to block california sanctuary laws texas nonprofit helping to reunite migrant families calls trump an ' incompetent loser ' more while he was serving in the senate .
the amtrak train that derailed monday morning on its inaugural trip through a faster railway route was supposed to slow dramatically , to 30 mph , before entering the curve where the crash occurred . 18 , 2017 , in dupont , wash. seattle times editors and reporters operate independently of our funders and maintain editorial control over traffic lab content . not for long ! officials said they had no other information . michelle wine estates . , pemco mutual insurance company , sabey corp. at least 10 victims suffered serious injuries , authorities said . it is funded with the help of community sponsors alaska airlines , centurylink , kemper development co.
allison saved her mother after she suffered from a seizure in the pool at their home . " allison ' s been swimming since she was two-and-a-half , " tracy said . all of a sudden , tracy anderwald blacked out . but tracy woke up saturday morning and after a few tests and assessments , she was deemed ok for release tuesday afternoon , hunt said . i don ' t know what i would have done if i lost tracy that day . allison was the one to thank . gabe hernandez/caller-times allison anderwald , 5 , talks to her mothers friend amber blimline on tuesday , march 23 , 2016 , at christus spohn hospital memorial in corpus christi .
on wednesday a spokesperson for the us embassy in wellington said : “ambassador brown has nothing to add to the comments he made in this afternoon ’ s interview. ” story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . all requests have gone unanswered . brown was trump ’ s first ambassadorial appointment after he took office . “i was told by my people that you ’ re not scott brown from new hampshire any more , you ’ re an ambassador , and you have to be culturally aware of different cultures and sensitivities , ” brown said .
gray . ___ 10 : 10 a.m. a hearing has gotten under way at a courthouse in baltimore for six police officers charged in the death of a black man in their story_separator_special_tag a circuit judge ruled wednesday that the case against six baltimore police officers charged in the arrest and death of freddie gray will go forward in separate trials , with baltimore state ' s attorney marilyn j. he died a week later . being married to a councilman is not a reason for recusal . ( associated press ) pastor westley west , from faith empowered ministries , leads protesters as they march towards pratt street and the inner harbor , wednesday , sept.
in other words , only old people are using lol these days , presumably because it was popular in the internet ’ s early days but is now falling out fashion as emoji becomes the universal language of youths . join us do you want to help more than a billion people all over the world connect and share ? [ facebook via gizmodo uk ] long live 😂 . poor lol . however , variations of “haha ” and “hehe ” are still the most popular expressions of laughter . advertisement the waning popularity of lol correlates with aging demographics .
of that waste , they say that 330 million pounds are lost in distribution and retail , 573 million pounds are lost when commercial fishers catch the wrong species of fish and then discard it ( a concept called bycatch ) and a staggering 1.3 billion pounds are lost at the consumer level . story_separator_special_tag this image shows from sea to table to trash how seafood is wasted . read more : should i eat salmon ? some loss is unavoidable , but the researchers hope these estimates and suggestions will help stimulate dialogue about the significance and magnitude of seafood loss .
( associated press ) daniel day-lewis accepts the award for best actor for " lincoln " at the 18th annual critics ' choice movie awards at the barker hangar on thursday , jan. 10 , 2013 , in santa ... the result ? she was one of a few stars who had such a successful year , they were double-teaming it . mcconaughey says there ' s something to be learned from the critics . i ' m kidding , i ' m kidding . lawrence went on to win the critics ' choice award for both best actress in an action movie ( the hunger games ) and later best comedic actress ( silver linings playbook ) .
hide caption 1 of 30 30 photos : photos : ice storm spreads across u.s. ice storm spreads across u.s. – a mirror reflects light snow on a sidewalk in new york on december 10. trains northward from hamburg to denmark and some other destinations were cancelled . how cold was it ? people walk during snowfalls caused by hurricane-force xaver at old town in gdansk , northern poland . strong winds knocked down the city of vaxjo ' s christmas tree . on monday , temperatures will rise into the 40s and any accumulation should start to melt , the weather service predicts .
we suppose blue ivy is better than poison ivy , but we still have a feeling that beyonce and jay-z ' s new bundle of joy may be the target of a few zingers when it comes to kindergarten color-learning time . from audio science and pilot inspektor to moon unit and apple , some celebs have beyonce and jay-z ' s unconventional baby name looking quite tame . check out some of hollywood ' s wackiest baby names below : close  strangest celebrity baby names of   daughter of gwyneth paltrow and chris martin  share  tweet  ✖ advertisement share this ✖ close current slide head over to huffpost parents to help pick the top baby name of the future !
" he said he was acting " for the good of the crew . " she ' s being her brilliant , amazing self . the card included a picture of emily gray students standing with giffords and her husband . and when aaron returned from the deli , giffords looked at her and said , " soup ? however , one of the fire engines had to stop at another fire station to pick up personnel to take ekstrum ' s place . many survivors are severely disabled . six people died . u.s. rep. " giffords was shot in the left forehead and the bullet went clear through the left side of the brain , which typically controls right-side strength , sensation and speech .
he has not done so , and he has yet to offer a satisfying rationale . the expected value of a decision is the odds of each possible outcome multiplied by the benefit ( or cost ) of that outcome . and it does . it could announce that it would keep its benchmark rate at zero for a few years , which would probably hold down long-term rates . but these critics always worry about inflation . this shouldn ’ t be surprising . mr. , ben bernanke will do something that previous federal reserve chairmen considered a terrible idea .
he said his his mother was worried about intruders and kept a pistol under her pillow • pistorius said a speedboat accident in 2009 which almost killed him left him fearful and withdrawn . the extreme close up of reeva ' s wound still on the screen . pistorius sobs as botha tells court " death ensued fairly quickly after sustaining the head injury " -rohit kachroo ( @rohitkachrooitv ) april 7 , 2014 #oscarpistorius head in hands , retching . the trial continues . 14 , 2013. pistorius cannot look . the athlete admits shooting reeva steenkamp , 29 , but maintains it was a case of mistaken identity .
" china ' s economy survived a period of ma said that is due partly to double counting of items including factory production and that his bureau was trying to correct the issue . " we have seen tepid domestic and external demand . li ’ s remarks are especially relevant as china announced today that the economy expanded 7.6 percent last quarter from a year earlier , the slowest pace in three years . but at least the economic growth rate will stop coming down . these same officials traditionally have been promoted on their success in making their numbers .
” ) that apple probably derived from the m. " when bradford ' s journals were reprinted in 1856 after being lost for a century , they found a receptive audience with advocates who wanted thanksgiving story_separator_special_tag every schoolchild learns that the pilgrims couldn ' t have survived life in the new world without the help of the indians . ( see more photos of cranberries. so why do we chow down on turkey , then ? in his book cider : hard and sweet , ben watson notes that wild apples are depicted on paleolithic cave art that dates back as far as 30,000 bce .
” it is believed that the three-storey structure , which would have dominated the valley , was similar to that found at chedworth , one of britain ’ s most important roman villa sites . irwin , a rug designer , and his wife had decided to convert an old barn on their newly purchased wiltshire property into a room where they and their children could play table tennis , so they hired electricians to lay cables for lights . in pictures : 12 amazing archaeological discoveries 1/12 ancient forest , discovered in february 2014 ancient forest revealed by storms .
" " the united states believes that russia is responsible for the attack on two people in the united kingdom using a military-grade nerve agent , " haley said at a security council meeting in new york . donald trump . you are not welcome here . tuesday morning , story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . " for those who wish to do us harm , my message is clear . " if we don ' t take immediate concrete measures to address this now , salisbury will not be the last place we see chemical weapons used , " said haley .
national trends across the 32-year period from 1979 through 2010 , the national rate of newborn circumcision declined 10 % overall , from 64.5 % to 58.3 % ( table and figure 1 ) . photo : colourbox a poll showing 74 percent support for banning male circumcision comes as parliament prepares for a new round of political discussion on male circumcision . story_separator_special_tag by maria owings , ph.d. ; sayeedha uddin , m.d. in june 2013 , the agency determined that there was neither enough risk to justify outlawing circumcision nor enough documentation of its benefits to generally recommend the practice .
obama is scheduled to follow suit on thursday , after more time in washington and a tour of storm damage in new jersey , as he juggles the political rewards and risks of focusing on the government disaster response . " the president ' s no . jeb bush . christie praised mr. both asked supporters to make donations to the red cross . connecticut gave voters two extra days to register while maryland said it may have to resort to paper ballots for some locations due to power outages , which could delay the vote count . chris christie , a republican who has been a scathing critic of his presidency .
according to the emails , trump ' s eldest son agreed to meet with a woman described as a " russian government lawyer " because he was told she had damaging information on clinton . https://t.co/psqqwmagz1 pic.twitter.com/5de7gmeek6 — that michael caputo ( @michaelrcaputo ) june 20 , 2016 still loyal to the president , caputo defended trump jr. us intelligence agencies have determined that russia interfered with the election in order to help trump win . or the resources to go out and do this is laughable . ... the event continues through sunday . trump often uses twitter to rail against the media .
: 1990 feature - howard stern speaks out about artie lange , his new contract and his divorce in new rolling stone cover story " he said to me recently that he would be willing to come on the air and explain what happened and stuff , " says stern . watch video of stern interviewing rolling stone ' s neil strauss below right now stern tapes on mondays through thursdays , but that ' s probably going to change . i could sense them all with us . i think my biggest asset is that i cut people off .
" friday ' s historic summit between kim and moon and their pledge for " complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula " set the stage for trump ' s as-yet unscheduled meeting with kim . my guys would have been in favor of all of that , " hayden told cnbc in a separate interview . " the president squeezing the [ north ] koreans , the economic sanctions , the diplomatic isolation , the military demonstrations — check , check , check . story_separator_special_tag sen. he was cia director during george w. " retired gen. luke messer allen ( luke ) lucas messerrepublicans top dems at charity golf game immigration overhaul on life support in the house gop governors sign letter supporting nobel peace prize for trump more ( r-ind .
on the other hand , eat pray love , the movie , has julia roberts as liz gilbert ! maybe she can travel light because she restocks her suitcase each time her plane lands . boo-hooing sound kind of ... if only which is a nice choice . endearing . none of that stopped her memoir from becoming a bestseller translated into 40 languages . ' ' and you want to believe her . film reviews eat pray love -- film review " eat pray love " bottom line : a heavily idealized journey of self-discovery with a pretty woman ( julia roberts ) , pretty scenery and a pretty shallow view of eastern spirituality .
comey ’ s firing . trump . mr. trump decided in january to keep mr. ’ s intense interest in mr. senate minority leader chuck schumer ( d-ny ) told reporters tuesday night that if the justice department does not appoint a special prosecutor to take over the investigation into russian interference on trump ’ s behalf in the 2016 election , it will indicate that fbi director james comey ’ s sudden termination was “part of a cover up. comey held last july , when he broke with longstanding tradition and policies by publicly discussing the clinton case and chastising mrs.
" it ' s advanced armor . " the other kind of things that you see in the movies i think that would be more realistic at the moment would be the kind of external suit that sigourney weaver wears in ' aliens , ' where it ' s a large robot that amplifies the motions and lifting capability of a human . it will take a year to even select which technologies to use . col. adm. " the acronym talos was chosen deliberately , " mckinley said . " my sense is it is an up-armored pinocchio , " scott neil , a retired special forces master sergeant and silver star recipient , told the tampa tribune .
" so it ' s got to be important . women and children were they were the victims of the batavia mutiny , perhaps the bloodiest and most fascinating chapter in wa ' s maritime history . its arms were crossed and , strangely , its skull sat perpendicular to the rest of its body . " this is the first skeleton found on beacon island using archaeology , " university of wa archaeologist alistair paterson said . pictures : nic ellis/the west australian in july 1629 , a wave of killings swept across tiny beacon island , about 80km off the coast of geraldton .
the staffer at the san francisco foundation who answered the phone in february knew this was big -- for the foundation , but mostly for oakland . , on tuesday , july 14 , 2015 . an anonymous donor wanted to give $ 34 million to benefit underserved residents in oakland . ( laura a. lighthous ... " government can ' t do it alone , " she " citywide , the money will help fund 731 new affordable housing units and create about 2,500 jobs . " said blackwell , an oakland native with deep experience in community development on both sides of the bay .
the u.s. environmental protection agency said that a cleanup team was working with ... 6 , 2015 , in water colored from a mine waste spill . people kayak in the animas river near durango , colo. ” cement creek is a tributary of the animas river . government officials aren ' t certain what toxins and at what levels toxins are present in the river , and , therefore , decided it was best to close the river to public use . , thursday , aug. the city has also ceased pumping water to a local college and golf course .
he was fighting as a volunteer with the kurdish armed fighting forces , the ypg . " isis were robbed of a predictable macabre propaganda opportunity by ryan ' s action . ryan lock , 20 , from chichester in west sussex , died on 21 december during a battle for the is group ' s stronghold of raqqa . earlier on tuesday his body was transported into iraq in preparation to be flown back to the uk . " mr lock , a chef , had travelled to syria in august having told friends and family he was going on holiday to turkey .
, directly across the street from the university , san bernardino police officials said . barber ’ s disappearance comes on the heels of a series of violent crimes at “late monday afternoon , san bernardino police responded to a call at the nearby sunrise apartments regarding a missing female named sahray astina barber . her parents say they are desperate to see their 22-year-old daughter again . rich lawhead . beverly white reports for the nbc4 news at 11 p.m. on tuesday , march 10 , 2015 . " woman believed to have vanished near csusb authorities continue to search for a young woman who may have vanished from her home near csu san bernardino .
and the songs in the sound of music are sublime . richard rodgers and oscar hammerstein ii knew their way around a tune and these numbers -- from " my favorite things " to " climb ev ' ry mountain " to the indefatigable " do-re-mi " -- have endured since the broadway production bowed in 1959 for good reason . but one that took energy . was it fun anyway ? as we know in our hearts – come on , dig deep – the sound of music is basically terrible : too long , too pious , too laboured in its point-making .
it ’ s being called the “battle of the beards ” — paul krugman vs. with a lighter debt burden , households and businesses would feel freer to spend . ( krugman minimizes this channel , because he thinks europe and japan should also pursue higher inflation. the fed now strives to keep inflation around 2 percent annually , a low level that it views as reassuring the public . but these heroic exertions haven ’ t yet ignited a robust recovery . a slightly increased pace of reduction in the unemployment rate ? samuelson writes a weekly column on economics .
read about our charity selection process and where we currently recommend that donors give . in his new book , with charity for all : why charities are failing and a better way to give , stern bemoans the state of charitable activity today , arguing that most of the nonprofit sector is financially inept at best , and downright unsavory at worst . but it ' s not always so easy to identify this type of non-charity . some charities obviously are fraudulent . two examples stern explores are non-profit hospitals and college football bowl games . yet they enjoy a variety of tax benefits that give them a competitive advantage .
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . neither photographer was hurt . the shooting took place at bundchen and brady ' s wedding celebrations two former bodyguards of brazilian model gisele bundchen and her us football star husband tom brady have been jailed for five years for shooting at photographers in costa rica . a third man - manuel valverde - was acquitted . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . neither defendant testified during the proceedings . as the photographers drove away , at least one of the bodyguards opened fire , according to the complaint .
@apstylebook ap stylebook the twitter account has been suspended after it was hacked . the ap ' s sam hananel , who writes about labor and employment issues , tweeted that the account had been hacked . “just goes to show , you shouldn ’ t have a knee-jerk reaction to anything that comes across twitter. the syrian electronic army was also reportedly responsible . the white house confirmed that there was no incident . ” the dow was at 14698 when the bogus tweet hit . people quickly figured that out … see how temperamental the market is ?
martin duram was shot five times and found dead in their ensley township home in may 2015. woman charged with murder one year after husband ' s killing glenna duram was seriously wounded . share this : email print facebook twitter google pinterest more linkedin tumblr reddit story_separator_special_tag newaygo county , mi -- a sand lake area woman has been found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2015 shooting death of her husband . 28 duram is to be sentenced aug. white cloud , mich. their house was in foreclosure in 2015. family members said the couple ’ s pet , an african grey parrot named bud , seemed to replay the murder by mimicking what sounds like an argument between a male and female .
“the judge ’ s bias came to light after he sentenced brock turner , ” the recall persky campaign said . california legislators passed a bill mandating prison sentences for people who sexually assault unconscious or intoxicated victims . it also claims that persky , “a former stanford athlete , has a long history of awarding lenient sentences to athletes and upper-class defendants for sex crimes and violence against women. ” reading this on your phone ? enough is enough. stay up to date with our free mobile app . recall proponents must collect 58,634 valid voter signatures within a 160-day period ending in january to qualify the measure for the june 2018 countywide ballot .
but , in a way , that ’ s the point . and with prices at the pump on the rise , so is the chant of “drill , baby , drill. as a result , u.s. oil production has risen significantly over the past three years , reversing a decline over decades , while natural gas production has exploded . ” of course it story_separator_special_tag to be a modern republican in good standing , you have to believe — or pretend to believe — in two miracle cures for whatever ails the economy : more tax cuts for the rich and more drilling for oil .
yet they can help refine and focus the hunt for the plane and for a solution to the deepening mystery of its march 8 disappearance . what is the chance of a good meal , given that a restaurant is full ? you may think that having found the debris it would be easy to find the rest of the plane , but it ' s not that simple - after a number of days , the material would have moved with the ocean current . then we start layering new information . in june 2009 , air france flight 447 went missing flying from rio de janeiro in brazil to paris , france .
what ' s different about this particular example , liu says , is that the outer millimeter or so of this fossil " is actually mineralization of some of the soft tissue structures that were preserved before they decayed away within the original dinosaur brain case . a collector named jamie hiscocks found it in 2004 , near bexhill in the united kingdom . " this kind of fossil gets made when sediment fills up a dinosaur ' s skull cavity and hardens . image of specimen . if so , it would be the first time scientists have ever found fossilized brain tissue from a dinosaur .
joe ’ s declined to discuss salary specifics . the test by houston-based ignite restaurant group scraps tips in exchange for raising wages for its restaurant workers . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . joe ’ s test comes a month after famed new york restaurateur danny meyer announced plans to eliminate tipping at all of his new york city restaurants . ” joe ’ s operates two restaurants in orange county – one in newport beach and the other in garden grove near disneyland .
but in an effort to bring about something positive from her experiences , carland is donating $ 1 for every hateful tweet she receives . the respected muslim sociologist , who is married to the project host waleed aly , is bombarded by racial slurs , targeted because she wears a hijab and speaks openly about the rights of australian muslims . it seemed that as people so full of darkness , they could only see darkness in others . sometimes i ’ d respond to them and sometimes i ’ d ignore them , and i felt like none of that really achieved anything.
14 , 2014 , in roswell , n.m. roswell police said the suspected shooter was arrested at the school , ... .......... ( associated press ) students are escorted from berrendo middle school following a shooting , tuesday , jan. “it was a harrowing experience , ” said masterson , who has taught at berrendo middle school for 10 years . story_separator_special_tag .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... after a hearing today , campbell was transferred to a psychiatric hospital in albuquerque . as of 12 : 45 p.m.
" as far as mold in a wall is concerned , that is a total mystery , " he said . but thursday ’ s surprising disclosure , three days after word leaked out about the closure of the icu , was not due to “not being transparent , ” said tami minnier , upmc ’ s chief quality control officer . dr. laymen said . zellner said the hospital has yet to determine what caused the mold contamination . the discovery of mold in toilets and behind walls earlier this month prompted the hospital to shut down the cardiothoracic icu for cleaning and analysis by upmc infection prevention experts and an private remediation company .
the cockroach is thought to have lived 100 million years ago , and it looks little like its modern relatives . " they require rapid burial a paper describing this strange early arthropod was published wednesday in the journal nature . the new discovery in among a number of ancient cockroaches found in myanmar . manipulator had long and weak legs , and was unlikely to run fast , says dr alexandr rasnitsyn , a professor from the palaeontological institute , at the russian academy of sciences . these structures were mostly used to grasp prey like worms and mollusks .
it ’ s a group of technology and automotive companies , including general motors ( gm ) , honda motor ( hmc ) , audi , hyundai , and chipmaker nvidia ( nvda ) , that want to customize google ’ s popular mobile operating system for vehicles . app makers are also used to creating software for android . there have already been attempts to solve this problem through partnerships . the mapping services that come free with smartphones have become a compelling alternative to pricey built-in navigation systems . las vegas — auto makers aim to make 2014 the year that cars connect to the web in a big way , and they are stepping up their land rush with silicon valley to compete for customers who go online on the road .
" story_separator_special_tag a fired balch springs police officer faces a murder charge in the fatal shooting of 15-year-old jordan edwards , the dallas county sheriff ' s office says . oliver was fired tuesday for ... " this is a horrific tragedy we know that the edwards family is grieving . his bond had been set at $ 300,000 . now the hard work of justice begins to ensure mr. the bullets shattered the front passenger-side window and struck edwards . merritt said it was clear from the start that oliver should be arrested on the highest possible charge .
story_separator_special_tag the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph story_separator_special_tag trulia gives home buyers , sellers , owners and renters the inside scoop on properties , places and real estate professionals .
speaking in her first interview since giving birth to daughter blue ivy , beyonce has spoken of how her and jay-z will be bringing her up in a " normal loving family " . jay ' s near-whisper of the hook on that track could ' ve hinted at this decision , yet we ' re still reeling . it had been claimed the couple forked out $ 1.3m on hiring a whole floor of new york ' s lenox hill hospital , and while beyonce admitted security at the hospital was tight , she said many stories had been exaggerated .
“i didn ’ t want to know the details , ” herman says , “shame on me . ( valerie macon/getty images ) according to a lawsuit filed saturday in federal court , singer offered the boy a quaalude and plied him with alcohol before bringing him back to his london hotel suite with co-defendant gary goddard , a producer of theme park rides , for the alleged sexual assault . herman , 54 , is mulling my question about whether he has been sexually abused . 117 , claims . one of the photos includes actress kate bosworth sitting in singer ' s lap .
” that statement might be true about a rise in the debt ceiling that would take us story_separator_special_tag c-span screen shot i intended to write about president obama ' s prime-time address on the debt ceiling , but house speaker john boehner ' s performance turned out to be the big news . these people outside washington are ... right . citizens . finally , let ’ s ask the wealthiest americans and biggest corporations to give up some of their tax breaks and special deductions. he summarized his approach this way : “[ l ] et ’ s live within our means by making serious , historic cuts in government spending .
was the only player under par ( -3 ) ... at the appearance , story county attorney jessica reynolds said the crime is believed to be " a random act of violence . ms barquín was found on monday in ames , about 30 miles ( 50km ) north of des moines , after police were called to investigate an unattended golf bag on the course early on monday . iowa state female athlete of the year ... claimed medalist honors at the big 12 championship with a three-shot victory ( 73-71-69=213 ) ... led team in stroke average ( 73.21 ) and top-10 finishes ( 5 ) ...
*** next 31 jan. it will be a total eclipse that involves the second full moon of the month , popularly referred to as a blue moon . johnson , nebraska , usa astrophotographer : andrew wall , adelaide , south australia astrophotographer : ron delvaux , arizona , usa astrophotographer : james mccue , new mexico , usa astrophotographer : gerard lazarus , australia coordinator and live comment : astrophysicist gianluca masi ( the virtual telescope project , italy ) . ” when can i see the supermoons and the lunar eclipse ? but this is not enough !
on wednesday , a science teacher was arrested after she was recorded cutting a student ' s hair . " what she did to my classmates and i is inexcusable . she then tosses the chunks of hair behind her . as the student attempts to get up and walk back to his desk , the teacher says , " you ' re not done , " and motions him to sit back down . ( photo : calley cederlof ) want more news like this ? she accused the students of taking the test . he directed questions to the district .
now , in florida , scientists are struggling to combat a mysterious disease that ' s threatening the future of the world ' s third largest coral reef . by fall 2015 , widespread disease was confirmed across approximately 55 linear miles of reef , including locations as far north as pompano beach in broward county and as far south as biscayne national park with a few isolated reports in palm beach county . these factors may allow for the proliferation and colonization of microbes . once exposed , the corals limestone skeleton can be a fertile breeding ground for algae and encrusting invertebrates .
’ s web assets for $ 4.83 billion in cash , ending a drawn-out process for the beleaguered internet company . its purchase of yahoo , which follows its acquisition of aol in may 2015 , provides more evidence that it sees online content and advertising as a primary way to increase growth . photo : ap verizon communications inc. mayer rejected armstrong ' s offer . “making sure that you play in accessing the revenue opportunities above the connectivity is something we think a lot about , ” she told recode in an interview late last year .
" she revealed that she had been assaulted by a man who was 20 years older than she was , and she kept the incident to herself for a long time . but he loves the survivor in me . the grammy-winner , whose real name is stefani germanotta , spoke out about her rape during a 2014 howard stern interview while discussing her song " swine . ... your strength set me free because i knew i wasn ' t alone . too afraid . and not just any women , the ones i look up to the most .
• “caylee ’ s laws ” take effect in both california and illinois . you ' re doing a good deed ! there ' s no cross domain hackery or tracking voodoo , it ' s just some sweet jquery animations . study up and check out of 8 of the strangest new laws of 2013 , below . while much attention has been paid to the federal legislation poised to kick in jan. in north carolina , stealing unused cooking oil worth more than $ 1000 is now a felony . " domesticated pigs ? but in 2012 , under 30,000 went through .
" ford ' s control , says brock , also served to counter the image his opponents tried to create , that he was a radical , hard-right conservative and donald trump clone . tonight the people of ontario have spoken . the party had been in power for 15 years . watch : doug ford greets supporters in victory pc leader doug ford addresses crowd at his headquarters in etobicoke on election night . he repeated them . ( the canadian press ) “this is incredible . a liberal defeat thursday was predicted by outgoing liberal premier kathleen wynne herself just days before the vote .
" check out a photo of uchitel ' s baby bump below ! aside from her affair with woods , uchitel was also in the news in 2010 when " bones " actor david boreanaz admitted to having an affair with uchitel while his wife was pregnant . photo : photo gallery before you go photo gallery matt is 26. " expecting big things for 2012 ... rachel says she ' s 36.rachel -- famous for her fling withand a $ 10 million settlement -- was married in 2004 but it only lasted a year and 4 months.better luck this time , rach .
the recalled products may be contaminated with salmonella . the following products are subject to recall : [ products list ( pdf ) ( or xlsx ) &#124; product labels ( pdf only ) &#124; distribution list ( pdf ) ] the products subject to recall bear establishment number “est . federal officials say the raw beef was packaged between july 26 and sept. other cuts of beef should be cooked to a temperature of 145 ° f and allowed to rest for at least 3 minutes . washington , oct.
" you cannot say : ' it ' s terrible to kill an animal ' and then eat meat . and animals that were killed under the exact same controlled settings as the rabbit in the studio . i pity you that you live such lives devoid of any compassion . " they wanted to see if they could kill him during the last show or if they had gotten too attached to him , " she said in a video clip on her facebook page . warning - this story contains themes some readers may find disturbing .
one version is owned by the national museum and two others by the munch museum , also in oslo . sotheby ' s said a total of eight works have sold for $ 80 million or more at auction . ___ online : http://www.sothebys.com story_separator_special_tag one of the art world ' s most recognizable images _ edvard munch ' s " the scream " _ sold wednesday for a record $ 119,922,500 at auction in new york city . five bidders competed for the work , which sold to a telephone bidder . “the scream ” has been reproduced endlessly in popular culture in recent decades , making it nearly as famous as the mona lisa .
but its real calling card is the author ' s anonymity , and there ' s some fun to be had on those terms . the mystery author has set " o : a presidential novel " during the " presidential election of 2012 " and mixes fact with fiction . sarah palin or glenn beck ? asks ben grossman-cohen at aggregate appeal . less likely . [ may have ] penned the book . president obama brian stelter of the new york times tells politico that " obama himself , ever insistent on controlling his narrative ... check out ron charles ' lovely washington post review for more , and let me know if you spot more clues .
carl levin and john mccain , the top senators from the two major us parties on the senate armed services committee , in a joint statement called afridi ' s sentence " shocking and outrageous . pakistan shut down supply routes -- its main assistance to us-led forces in afghanistan -- after a border air raid in november killed 26 pakistani troops . copyright © 2012 afp . all rights reserved . " " what dr. ( additional reporting by jibran ahmad in peshawar ; writing by michael georgy ; editing by daniel magnowski ) the united states has been urging pakistan to mount an offensive in north waziristan to pursue members of the haqqani militant network , one of washington ' s most feared foes in neighboring afghanistan .
" ukraine ' s security and defence council confirmed reports that novoazovsk had been captured by the rebels , whom they described as " russian troops " . the obama administration accused russia on wednesday of orchestrating a new military ... there are suspicions that russia wants to divert ukrainian forces from the besieged cities of donetsk and luhansk , further north . story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption pro-russian rebels enter the strategically-vital port of novoazovsk on wednesday a pro-russian rebel leader in eastern ukraine has said 3-4,000 russian citizens are fighting in their ranks .
share copy link an anonymous person dropped a coin worth $ 1,200 into a salvation army red kettle during a local fundraiser held at a tega cay wal-mart . the coin will likely be sold and all proceeds will g david thackham dthackham@heraldonline.com story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser the coin was appraised at a local brownlee jewelers store . the coin was appraised at a local brownlee jewelers store . the coin will likely be sold and all proceeds will g david thackham dthackham@heraldonline.com an anonymous person dropped a coin worth $ 1,200 into a salvation army red kettle during a local fundraiser held at a tega cay wal-mart .
it was accompanied by a story reminding airmen “there is sometimes a fine line between letting your friends see what you ’ re up to and providing an adversary critical information about your connection to the military and its mission. operations security is the process of keeping sensitive information away from the enemy . ” the public affairs office coordinates all media interviews , media queries and media access to the base . loose tweets destroy fleets . the army used the phrase even sooner . jonathan mcdonald , afcent force protection chief . 14 , 2012.
story_separator_special_tag an iron gate with the slogan “arbeit macht frei ” ( work will set you free ) that was stolen from the former nazi concentration camp in dachau two years ago has been found in norway , police say . " read more it was first used to incarcerate political prisoners , but during the second world war it became a death camp where more than 41,000 jews were slaughtered before us troops liberated it on 29 april 1945. " this is all the information we have at the moment , " a spokesman for bavarian police told cnn .
image copyright pa image caption the document is displayed at chapter house at the cathedral what is magna carta ? it was not damaged and nobody was injured , police said . we are aware there were a " it looked like some men ‘play-fighting ’ but as they got through the gates i saw a hammer drop to the floor and one of the men kicked it into the road whilst another man held on to him . dean papadopoulos added : " he had been carrying a hammer so our guys were very courageous . " fire crews were called at 4.53pm , but dispatched by just after 5pm as there was no fire lit .
' we weren ' t together and he wasn ' t directly in the business so i chose to protect him and not have a rain of publicity . " i was gutted ! " now she ' s fired up . but it was never meant to be a glee . " she pauses to take a sip of white wine . " honestly ? oh , there ' s no big story . sort of . " click . ' at me . " she laughs . screen star : minnie had met the mystery man while appearing on series the riches , alongside eddie izzard ' i was making a film at the time and the paparazzi would shout : ' who ' s the sperm donor?
and most days , they have six-month-old article that is some attack on me and it ’ s whatever the trump campaign is pushing that day will be the banner headline on drudge. ” story_separator_special_tag “fury as colorado has no primary or caucus ! trump from 2009 through 2014 were free rounds of golf at his golf courses . “when we win the state , suddenly the state doesn ’ t matter , ” cruz said . ted cruz campaigns yesterday in san diego . ” higher-valued “charity ” included conservation easements granted on property he owned — likely to have been conditions of receiving permits for land development .
she could remember a time when zachary got hit in the stomach story_separator_special_tag jessica dutro believed her 4-year-old son , zachary dutro-boggess was gay , prosecutors told the court wednesday , and that was her motive for subjecting him to deadly beatings . ugh. -- emily e. they knew he wasn ' t doing well , but they didn ’ t tell anyone , she said . letourneau further ruled that web searches thought to be done by dutro would also be admissible evidence . 14 , 2012 , with tears in his bowel from a blow to his abdomen .
mckay plays to his strengths and those of his frequent collaborator and the movie ’ s star , will ferrell . detective terry hoitz ( wahlberg ) is gamble ' s reluctant partner . once again , and for the first time in a while , mr. the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph story_separator_special_tag the other guys ( 2010 ) is it possible to run a bait-and-switch scam in reverse ?
the director of the video was also fined and sentenced to two years in prison , but in absentia . shyma , 25 , an arab idol competitor originally from tanta , in northern egypt , appeared at court on tuesday wearing a niqab covering her face . " i didn ' t imagine all this would happen and that i would be subjected to such a strong attack from everyone , " she wrote on her now-deleted facebook page . her music video featured the singer suggestively eating a banana . shaimaa ahmed , a 25-year-old known professionally as shyma , was arrested last month after the video sparked outrage in the conservative country .
” she says . “and i just climbed out . she used a pool pole to drag the chair her ipad was on and posted in a community facebook page , asking for help . ’ i was laughing about it then . “i swim as often as possible every summer , ” leslie says . “i was thinking i might be here a while because my tenants were out , nobody was home . now what ? she said she didn ' t have the strength to pull herself . they tried to fix the ladder , no dice .
( jpm ) , in an announcement before the fed ’ s release , said it would raise its dividend 20 percent and authorized a $ 15 billion share repurchase plan after the central bank tested its capital . citigroup inc. most of the 19 banks passed . close open photographer : daniel acker/bloomberg citigroup center in new york . there is a lot less leverage. ” jpmorgan chase &amp; co. ally , run by ceo michael carpenter , and suntrust , led by ceo william h. jpmorgan , which jumped 7 percent yesterday , was up 0.4 percent , and wells fargo declined 1 percent .
" his parents were story_separator_special_tag today new jersey democrats will decide who will be their nominee for the united states senate . he is a good liberal on many issues . " in fact , weigel says , " the only progressive argument for booker " is that he ' s black and " the long-term interests of a party that depends on huge minority turnout adding to white liberal turnout are served by promoting nonwhite stars . he ' s going to be a very annoying senator . how easily ? frank lautenberg ( d-n.j. you would be wrong .
it ’ s going to be a team thing . " [ lane ' s ] pretty clear on what he did and what he was trying to express and i think it is very simple and so we ' ll leave that up to him , " carroll said . we ’ re big kids now. some of us might not agree , some of us will agree . in fact , the entire seahawks roster may sit in solidarity with the san francisco 49ers quarterback . the world needs to see people coming together versus being individuals.
since that 2013 test , ms boël , who has two children , has tried to prove that albert is her father . boel ’ s lawyers said in their statement that they were pleased with the “strong affirmation of the principle of acting in the interests of the child ” as she seeks legal confirmation of her true identity . their three children are all older than boel . the decision also cost him his immunity to court judgments such as the paternity test , which would be a saliva test carried out on albert , ms boël and her mother at a brussels hospital .
” tester also complimented rehberg on a “well-fought race , ” and said he knew rehberg would agree that the nation faces big challenges that need to be addressed . libertarian dan cox of hamilton carried a significant 6.5 percent , one of the highest showings by a libertarian in a statewide race . tommy ... baldwin defeated former wisconsin gov . great falls – democratic u.s. sen. so we know who ’ s footing the bill . claire mccaskill , d-mo. 6 , 2012 , in madison , wis. “senator tester and i share an abiding love for montana and america , a value which transcends political party or disagreements on matters of policy.
( associated press ) supporters of taiwan ' s democratic progressive party presidential candidate tsai ing-wen cheer as they wait for election results at the party headquarters in taipei , taiwan , saturday , jan. " i also want to emphasise that both sides of the taiwanese strait have a responsibility to find mutually acceptable means of interaction that are based on dignity and reciprocity . pro-independence ... who is running ? this reflects not only widespread dissatisfaction with he followed his concession speech by making a long bow . 16 , 2016. taiwan profile the election came just months after a historic meeting between the leaders of taiwan and china .
emergency personnel respond to the scene of a train derailment in santiago de compostela , spain , on july 24. he was in hospital but it was not clear what kind of injuries he had suffered . authorities and rail experts cautioned that speed-control systems might also have failed . train driver who boasted about speeding is under investigation after video shows dramatic derailment . the eight-carriage train came off the tracks , hit a wall and caught fire just outside the pilgrimage destination santiago de compostela in northwestern spain on wednesday night . and at least five other u.s. citizens were injured , deputy state department spokeswoman marie harf said .
story_separator_special_tag a 22-year-old disneyland employee has been arrested in connection with the detonation of a so-called dry ice bomb in the park ' s toontown , anaheim police said wednesday . barnes , who worked as an outdoor vendor for the resort , was held on $ 1 million bail and is cooperating with investigators , dunn said . " also : palmdale boy ' s torture death triggers l.a. county probe police say two witnesses dispute justin bieber ' s ferrari story cops who took car on joyride to vegas blame ' momentary ' lapse twitter : @anblanx andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
" the town of amerli , which has been besieged by isis fighters , is home to many of iraq ' s shiite turkmen . the soldier , recognizable as ali al-sayyed , a sunni muslim from northern lebanon , was shown blindfolded with his hands tied behind his back , writhing and kicking the dusty ground as a militant announced that he would be killed . john kirby said late saturday . mr. scores more awaited the arrival life-saving supplies in the scorching summer sun . please verify you ' re today ’ s headlines wake up each morning to the day ’ s top news , analysis and opinion delivered to your inbox .
newhouse theater with the phone of a texting audience member in her hand . " publicists for hand to god , the " hilarious and disturbing " play that transferred from off-broadway and earned numerous tony nominations , had initially said the press conference would start at 2 p.m. “i guess i wasn ’ t really thinking. his iphone 6 was just low on juice . why did he do it ? twitter lit up . consider this a standing ovation . witnesses turned to social media . . . for years , stage folks have decried the regular mid-show disruptions wrought by the advent of the mobile phone .
according to court documents , baker ’ s neighbor and the plaintiff in the case , emerald white , claims she was “seriously injured ” after she was “unexpectedly and viciously attacked ” when she entered the baker ’ s backyard to retrieve her dogs , which had entered through a hole in the mutual fence separating the two properties . so i don ' t remember not having her . 27. samantha ptashkin now with the story all new at 6. the owner obtain $ 100,000 liability insurance policy . me and my mom heard them fixing it i think saturday .
by that time , he had " lost all color , " and some of the fraternity members thought he may have died , scicchitano said . video shot inside the beta theta pi house was being shown from the night the pledge was ordered to drink and then fatally injured in a series of falls . piazza ' s father , jim , rocked back and forth quietly in the front row of the courtroom as he heard his son ' s final hours described . his blood-alcohol measured at a dangerous level . ( associated press ) bellefonte , pa.
( khon via ap ) ( associated press ) honolulu ( ap ) — the latest on eruption of hawaii ' s kilauea volcano ( all times local ) : 8 : 30 p.m. hawaii gov . elderly , young , and people with respiratory issues need to comply with the mandatory evacuation order and leave the area . the magnitude 6.9 temblor that jolted the island was one of more than 110 earthquakes in just 24 hours . ___ fissure 22 did not appear active this morning but sounds were heard from it last night . the proclamation provides state money for response efforts .
" he said he doesn ' t want to make " the same mistakes with hailey [ glassman ] that i did with kate . a close confidante to jon gosselin tells fox411 that last week ’ s taped confession by hailey on “the insider ” was all designed for tv by jon himself . we ’ ve heard of tangled webs , but this is getting ridiculous . just more grist for the rumor mill ? she leads a totally separate life , and their schedules are worked out far in advance to completely avoid each other.
the mega millions jackpot climbed to an estimated $ 502 million jackpot after no winning numbers were drawn tuesday . he chose to receive his winnings in a one-time , lump-sum payment in the amount of $ 281.87 million . “large jackpots like this one capture everyone ’ s attention , and it would be great to see the roll go on for a while longer . story_separator_special_tag feeling lucky ? https://usat.ly/2geucm3 5 at $ 451 million . since the last winning jackpot , there have been 33 winners of $ 1 million or more . mega millions can be played in 44 u.s. states as well as washington , d.c.
“the ad is only insensitive to debbie stabenow and her spending , " he said . hoekstra ' s facebook page , which by early evening was getting a barrage of criticism on the ad , snapped back that those " trying to make this an issue of race demonstrates their total ignorance of job creation policies . you borrow more and more from us . i ’ m excited . it has jump started the debate. china is reaping the reward . gop consultant nick de leeuw flat-out scolded the holland republican for the ad . . .
) . the plot coagulates when bossman charles bromley ( sam neill ) puts pressure on his employees to come up with a blood substitute ( what , he ' s never heard of tru blood ? ' ' you could argue that daybreakers takes the new commonality of vampires to its logical extreme . " as the spierigs see the future — it ' s 2019 — vampires have taken over the world . there ' s also a ghoul military force and baristas serving blood-spiked coffee , except the hemo­globin drained from hunted humans is running low .
" she was very apologetic , and i assured her that her efforts meant so much more to us than the shirt , " skouson wrote . [ placeholder for https://www.facebook.com/deborah.skouson/photos/10210349538202827 embed. story_separator_special_tag a st. george needed to find a shirt for her 10-year-old daughter . it had to be a pink shirt with flowers and hearts -- and it had to be a specific brand and style . 7 , skouson posted a plea on facebook asking her social media friends for help . but not just any shirt . ” cami is the second of five children .
facebook twitter pinterest peter madsen in front of his homemade submarine in copenhagen , denmark . he is a danger to society. wall had been murdered . madsen for what was supposed to be a two-hour trip aboard the submarine . madsen , 47 , is charged with murder , dismemberment and indecent handling of a corpse over the death of kim wall . “this case has crept under my skin more than other cases. buch-jepsen presented evidence that mr. ms. madsen stood quietly listening as the judge read out the verdict wednesday . wall was 30 when she died .
" valiquette , from dayton , ohio , said he was on michigan avenue just north of lake when he heard the crash and turned around to see a bus on the sidewalk and a woman pinned underneath . i told her to hang in there ... 148 route prior “she had so many friends . " at least 10 ambulances were called to the scene . she was identified as aimee coath of flossmoor , according to the cook county medical examiner ' s office . the windshield of the bus was out . the bus driver was hurt .
“and i think it took a couple of months of that conversation to happen . also in june but in the southwest u.s. ” together , they decided it was . “we don ’ t really have enough time to do a true yard sale so this is our , like , piecemeal please-everybody-come-take-our-stuff-so-we-can-move-into-98-square-feet , ” kelly tousley says with a laugh . for curtiss traveling from tok to chicken , then down south through montana and michigan . friends and family had mixed reactions . electricity runs off solar panels . many tiny houses are palaces compared to their trailer .
up to 80 buildings , including a student dormitory , collapsed in ercis , about 100km ( 60 miles ) north of van , while 10 fell in van itself . and i won ' t believe it until i see him . " teams from the state search and rescue association ' s branches in surrounding provinces began to reach the area around 5pm . " at the same building we found fatih canpolat waiting for news of his six-year-old niece . their mother said : " none of the brothers has eaten a single thing since yesterday .
that ' s how you talk to the internet ! hermie : funny or die . marcus : i don ' t know , whenever you ' re outta town , i find everything i need on craigslist . mitt : is anyone in the whole world excited about me being president ? so you might as well get used to it . and we built this dream together ! nope . my 1-1-1 plan calls for one . these are boobs ! bam ! 8 , with an introductory video featuring most of the republican candidates -- or at least comedians impersonating them .
the former stanford university swimmer was sentenced last week to six months in jail and three years ' ... this january 2015 booking photo released by the santa clara county sheriff ' s office shows brock turner . " that " 20 minutes of action " included turner penetrating an intoxicated , unconscious woman until two swedish stanford students took notice of the assault . county jail inmates serve 50 percent of their sentences if they keep a clean disciplinary record . handout . calls to the county department of correction weren ' t immediately returned thursday . i ' ve lost my ability to obtain a stanford degree .
3 , isis attacked the city of sinjar near to where jumaah ’ s family was , massacring and enslaving thousands of yazidis — a religious minority to which jumaah and his family belong . everyone was shocked at how is were behaving , " he said . " it was a unique event . but while he was there the so-called islamic state conducted a deadly offensive in northern iraq . “he was very worried and he just left. " my wife was totally panicking . so they waited . on aug. " i was desperate .
not to mention the two consecutive bombs “jonah hex , ” in 2010 , and “the green lantern ” the following year . as with all trends , it ’ s only a matter of time . more to the point , the scale of this announcement shows that marvel will very soon have a serious competitor in the superhero movie business , one that ’ s in it for the long haul and may even outpace marvel in terms of production . sound familiar ? well played indeed . warner bros. ’ plan to produce 10 dc comics movies between 2016 to 2020 seems so short-sighted .
" films like virunga are powerful stories that are a window into the incredible cultural and natural diversity of our world , the forces that are threatening to destroy it , and the people who are fighting to protect it , " dicaprio said . " partnering with netflix on this film is an exciting opportunity to inform and inspire individuals to engage on this topic . " leonardo dicaprio is a celebrated actor and philanthropist . the fact netflix is getting behind a high-profile production is nothing new . netflix also recently announced a deal to exclusively release four features from adam sandler .
powell called trump a " national disgrace " and " international pariah " in a june 17 email to a former aide , saying the republican presidential contender was " in the process of destroying himself , no need for dems to attack him . 5 : are russian hackers behind u.s. election system breaches ? ... on august if accurate my privacy has been violated. i can send it you missed . “that ’ s what the 99 % believe . the contents of the emails were first reported by buzzfeed news . ” the one line email said .
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . i ' m not getting any younger and kate wants to have children , " lohan says .
” production on house of cards‘ sixth and final season began earlier this month despite the fact that netflix never officially confirmed that it had even ordered a season 6 . ) regarding rapp ’ s allegations , spacey released a statement late sunday saying he was “beyond horrified to hear [ rapp ’ s ] story , ” adding , “i honestly do not remember the encounter , it would have been over 30 years ago . ( the streamer has always played by its own unique rules when it comes to announcing renewals. i think there ’ s definitely more to dig into there.
“anything that has been removed compromises the investigation , ” kerry said . secretary of state john kerry said on sunday it ' s now " pretty clear " that separatists were responsible for the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 in ukraine and most likely received help from russian forces . ” “we support the egyptian initiative , joined in by israel and others , to have an immediate cease fire . i reacted , obviously , in a way that but you cannot reward terrorism . “this is a very , very difficult moment , also , and a very difficult situation .
that process would involve “representatives from various ministries , and will respond to the need for a common approach ” that was in line with “wfp ’ s future cooperation with the government ” . inside , it ' similar attacks in august prompted this latest wave of rape , murder and arson , entire villages torched by security forces and buddhist vigilantes . bangladesh reckons about 800,000 rohingya are now living on its side of the border . the report should not be cited in any way , the statement added . members of myanmar ' s mostly muslim rohingya minority have been fleeing military crackdowns for decades — as far back as 1978 , and as recently as last october and november , when the military launched " clearance operations " after a series of attacks by rohingya militants on security outposts in rakhine state .
hutchens said five counts are conducted at the jail throughout the day.when hutchens first discovered the escape , she said it was " every sheriff ' s nightmare . tieu and duong have connections to vietnamese gangs . an investigation into that question is ongoing . a $ 200,000 reward has been offered for information leading to their arrests . you need flash to watch this video . they do happen . 27 , 2016. that does not feel like we let the public down. during a court hearing that same month , prosecutors suspected nayeri broke into a marijuana dispensary owner ' s newport beach home , kidnapped the man , tortured him and severed his penis.tieu , who is a documented gang member , faces charges for murder and attempted murder among other charges .
we are now in the territory of the russian federation , " kislyak said . " the ambassador also had a retort to president barack obama ' s remark last week that russia is a " regional power acting out of weakness . " i ' m not going to go in to what we do have or what we don ' t have , " she said when asked about american capabilities . jay inslee , d-wash. dianne feinstein ( d-calif. ) told cnn ' s candy crowley sunday on " state of the union . " so far , there ' s been none , " sen.
the terminal that leaked had not been inspected by state officials since 2001 , when it was owned by a different company operating under more stringent rules . some businesses and schools were forced to close for several days . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . , facing multiple lawsuits and state and federal investigations after the jan. the water ran into the elk river , contaminating the state ' s largest water system .
just as the bubble in a carpenter ' s level moves back and forth depending on the surface it rests upon , scotland ' s loch ness tilts back and forth according to the movement of the ground beneath it caused by the tides on the nearby north sea . blog : deep icelandic current confirmed these measurements may be a first for a european lake with land shifting tides due to ocean tidal loading . abstract journal of geophysical research , vol . pugh national oceanography centre , liverpool , uk philip l. 116 , c11040 , 8 pp.
on the matter of who “unmasked ” the names of trump transition officials in u.s. intelligence reports , we now have one answer : susan rice , barack obama ’ s national security adviser . expand / contract rice was ambassador to the un when she went on sunday news shows to say the benghazi attack was prompted by a video . " spied on before nomination . 10. ms. ” he also described what the concern was as “obama-era surveillance , ” something he had not done in the past . strangely , pelley stayed away from flinging the fiery insults which drew him much praise from the left .
story_separator_special_tag president barack obama addresses the 71st session of the united nations general assembly , tuesday , sept. 8 presidential election and before he leaves office in january , but many analysts doubt this would have much effect . ( associated press ) united nations ( ap ) — president barack obama conceded tuesday that the united states and other world powers have limited ability to solve the most profound challenges facing the world , while calling for a " course correction " for globalization to ensure that nations don ' t retreat into a more sharply divided world .
focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . story_separator_special_tag we love a good live stream fail , even if the situation does get a bit ~hairy~ . as she casually flicks the lighter while talking to her followers , she accidentally lights her hair on fire and doesn ' t notice for a few good seconds . life , like a video game , is unpredictable . when she does notice , ana quickly pats her head free of flames .
other democrats , including minority whip dick durbin richard ( dick ) joseph durbinsunday shows preview : supreme court fight in the spotlight dem senator blasts administration for ' cruelty and incompetence ' after immigration briefing pentagon moving forward on plans for trump military parade : report more ( ill. here , in truth , is where the past few years have left us . he said at the time that voters needed to help decide the ideological balance of the court by picking a new president . dianne that ’ s now happened with supreme court nominations .
mcdonald ’ s released a statement applauding viloria ’ s actions . the firefighter was unaware of what was happening , but soon enough he headed out knowing something was up . “first and foremost , our thoughts and prayers are with the officer and her family during this difficult time . viloria said he told the kids to call 911 right away . on surveillance camera you can see the suv start to move . story_separator_special_tag follow cbsmiami.com : facebook &#124; twitter miami ( cbsmiami ) – a mcdonald ’ s employee jumped right through a drive-thru window in order to help save a miami-dade police officer .
a state of emergency has been declared , and thousands of volunteers have been working to reinforce the banks of the swelling river . one village , kisoroszi , is already unreachable by road -- although food and help can be brought in by boat and helicopter -- and is expected to remain cut off for at least a week , authorities said . we are monitoring &amp; ready to assist . water levels are set to reach 8.85m ( 29ft ) , some 25cm ( 10in ) higher than the danube ' s previous record high in 2006.
las vegas review-journal file photo kirstin lobato awaits opening statements may 8 , 2002 in her trial on charges of killing and cutting of the penis of a homeless man in las vegas in 2001. the innocence project has agreed to take her case . it was found among the trash nearby . lobato , who was tried twice for the crime , has always maintained her innocence . lobato will be released soon. carrying a small knife given to her by her father for her protection , lobato slashed at the man ’ s groin area and escaped his grasp .
( associated press ) in this aug. the highest quintile for the tp was associated with decreased prevalence of elevated blood pressure ( or : 0.73 ; 95 % ci : 0.59 , 0.90 ) and marginally lower trends for abdominal obesity ( or : 0.76 ; 95 % ci : 0.58 , 0.98 ; p-trend = 0.06 ) , but neither of the dietary patterns was associated with prevalence of metabolic syndrome . â€ œbut a few times a week really is.â€ ? frank b. he said . 18 . 19 . instant noodles are an essential , even ...
bonds , 19 , said the chairs belonged to the fairfax county park authority , where he worked , according to police . police arrived at the park on walney road in chantilly at approximately 10 : 50 p.m. and found johns , of the district , stabbed . bonds , of clifton , md. kempton a. “the young lady who was facilitating the cutting of the cake said ‘i don ’ t have a mic . we believe that our many employees . . . are law abiding , honest , hard-working people . calls to relatives of bonds seeking an interview sunday were not returned .
if you disable " suggest photos of me to friends , " your name will " no longer be suggested in photo tags , though friends can still tag you manually , " according to the facebook blog . and microsoft corp. the publication noted his role in “creating a new system of exchanging information ” and “changing how we all live our lives. facebook , founded in 2004 , would reach $ 2 billion faster than yahoo and at almost the same pace as google . facebook also makes money from a credits program , which lets people buy virtual items in online games .
“suicide squad ” topped domestic charts with $ 43.8 million , bringing its stateside total to a hefty $ 222.9 million . " that ' s a head-scratcher , " deregarabedian says . however , that represented a punishing 67 % slide in the superhero movie ’ s second week business , nearly equaling “batman v superman : dawn of justice ’ s ” 69 % sophomore plunge . and dc did was give audiences something that obviously they really wanted to see . the studio released “sausage party ” in 3,103 locations , and it now holds the record for the largest august opening ever for an animated film .
nasa ’ s chief scientist john grunsfeld has said that because of that heightened landing difficulty , in addition to the unprecedented sophistication of the instruments on board , curiosity is “the most important nasa mission of the decade. it could just be an interplanetary communications glitch . , give or take a minute or so . a spare wheel was put into operation , but if it turns out that odyssey cannot turn itself toward curiosity , it will not hear anything . formal “landing ” parties have been scheduled from south australia to rome , from israel to crete ; and in the united states from atlanta to seattle , milwaukee to honolulu .
spoon boy : there is no spoon . the workshop is to be presented on june 28 by anastasia kutt , an edmonton " energy healing therapist " and " registered reiki master , " according to her website . stop knocking it . i hear they throw in five minutes with the oracle . “this experiential workshop will teach a guided meditation/energy transfer technique which will have most participants bending cutlery using the power of their minds , ” the workshop description says . https://t.co/hhvo6wwelo — @petersankoff story_separator_special_tag after over 11 years at this blogging thing , i periodically start to fear that i ’ m becoming jaded .
after searching for christopher jordan dorner on friday , feb. police accuse him of killing the daughter of a retired lapd captain and her fiance , who were found shot to death sunday in a car in irvine . with warnings on radio and tv that an armed and deadly fugitive remained at large , police spent hours chasing down bogus leads and erroneous sightings . police agencies ... sheriff john mcmahon said the snow has one advantage : it is " great for tracking folks . , hotel . 8 , 2013. dorner was purportedly driving a white lexus near barstow .
the african union suspended the central african republic on monday after rebels seized power in a rapid weekend assault on the capital , sending president francois bozize fleeing and triggering international appeals for calm . what has been its form of government ? a former french colony , it gained independence in august 1960. its 5.1 million residents include various ethnic groups who speak several languages . " we will respect the libreville accord : a political transition of 2 to 3 years before elections , " seleka spokesman eric massi said by telephone . it is bordered by cameroon , chad , sudan , south sudan , the republic of congo and the democratic republic of congo .
especially since the media is reporting that culkin ’ s alleged heroin abuse has a lot to do with his break up with mila and the fact she ’ s now dating her “that 70′s show ” co-star ashton kutcher – who , coincidentally enough , starred with natalie in “no strings attached ” ! , on august 4. the dj spun hip-hop tunes until 2 : 30 a.m. , says the insider . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . did natalie have to make a choice between friends ?
“they will set the parameters and he will keep to them. the family of reeva steenkamp reacted with dismay , saying pistorius ' ten months in prison is " simply not enough " of a punishment for his crime . although prosecutors pushed for a murder conviction , pistorius claimed that he mistakenly believed an intruder was in the house when he fired his gun . why would you want to change your name , it ’ s disowning what happened . oscar pistorius during his trial . 21 . if successful , the blade runner could be locked up for life .
advertisement pacific life said it would pull all ads from the show " in the coming weeks as we reevaluate our relationship with his program , ” according to a statement posted to twitter . carlson ’ s statements . " " it is a shame that left wing advocacy groups , under the guise of being supposed ' media watchdogs ' weaponize social media against companies in an effort to stifle free speech . our customer base and our workforce reflect the diversity of our great nation , something we take great pride in , ” the statement also read .
with nearly 100,000 products on sale and with staggered start times for deals , it can be a lot to take in . and if you ' re not careful , you story_separator_special_tag yesterday ’ s checkout glitches didn ’ t impact amazon ’ s ability to pull off another successful prime day sales event , as it turns out . at 11 : 18 a.m. the online retail giant had previously fought the imposition of sales tax on a state by state basis - from court battles to corporate exemptions . here are three ways to get notified of deals on prime day .
" he said . " i loved her . she said ' no , i want you to stop my pain for good , ’ ” said chumbley . he said it was her final wish that he kill her and put her out of her misery . " and although they were shocked , a neighbor had the same reaction when we told them the news . with two gunshot wounds ... “what happened again ? chumbley pleaded not guilty to murder charges in laurel district court . deputies say ernest called 911 after shooting his wife .
" she was not alone in her tears , " lulu says . story_separator_special_tag brazil ' s senate votes to impeach dilma rousseff enlarge this image toggle caption ricardo botelho/brazil photo press/con/latincontent/getty images ricardo botelho/brazil photo press/con/latincontent/getty images on wednesday morning , brazil ' s senate voted to impeach suspended president dilma rousseff . it was a verdict on her leadership and the slipping fortunes of latin america ’ s largest country . but the final removal of ms. some of her accusers , as rousseff noted in her testimony , are themselves accused or convicted of serious corruption charges .
both uk education abroad and ciee officials contacted jones ’ family saturday evening of the situation . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
they argued that components of the “human revolution ” were to be found in the african middle stone age some 280,000-50,000 years ago . this was thought to have enabled a major shift in cognitive organisation and probably the advent of complex language . erosion at olorgesailie artifact sites has destroyed sediment from that time period , leaving the nature of toolmaking during that time gap a mystery . we do not capture any email address . researchers had previously estimated that such tools — spearpoints and other small implements struck from prepared chunks of stone — date to no earlier than 280,000 to possibly 300,000 years ago .
occupational therapist > annual median wage : $ 80,150 > projected job growth , 2014-2024 : 27 % > total employment : 118,070 occupational therapists work with patients that have a range of disabilities and afflictions . many of the worst jobs are also disappearing . click here to see the worst jobs in america . job database website careercast provided 24/7 wall st. so , too , is the u.s. job market . most mathematician positions require a graduate degree and a strong quantitative background — and they pay relatively well . software engineers concentrating specifically on applications development are likely to be in even higher demand as the number of products that use such software — mobile phones and appliances , for example — continues to increase .
____ 9 : 40 a.m. algeria ' s state news agency says that a military plane has crashed near the military base of boufarik in algeria . he said the plane was carrying soldiers . footage from the scene showed thick black smoke coming off the field , as well as ambulances and red crescent vehicles arriving at the site . story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser " there are more than 100 deaths . it was scheduled to make a layover in tindouf in southern algeria , home to many refugees from the neighboring western sahara , a disputed territory annexed by morocco .
however , the suicide rate increased significantly in black children ( from 1.36 to 2.54 per 1 million ; irr = 1.27 ; 95 % ci , 1.11-1.45 ) and decreased in white children ( from 1.14 to 0.77 per 1 million ; irr = 0.86 ; 95 % ci , 0.79-0.94 ) . findings highlight a potential racial disparity that warrants attention . importance suicide is a leading cause of death among school-aged children younger than 12 years but little is known about the epidemiology of suicide in this age group . for a study published by jama pediatrics , researchers led by jeffrey a.
antarctic notothenioid fishes are protected from freezing by antifreeze proteins ( afps ) that bind to invading ice crystals and inhibit their growth . notothenioids own the waters circling antarctica known as the southern ocean ; one of the few species that can survive in seawater temperatures as low as 29 degrees fahrenheit , it makes up more than 90 percent of the fish biomass in the region . cziko , a doctoral candidate at the university of oregon , worked with christina cheng and arthur devries , a husband-and-wife team of animal biologists at mr. , sept.
that ' s equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation ' s workforce . 6 , 2017 , the u.s. government issues the september jobs report . other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market . the unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households . ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — the u.s. shed 33,000 jobs in september because of hurricanes harvey and irma , which closed thousands of businesses in texas and florida and forced widespread evacuations . that increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production .
as well as candles and flowers , well wishers have left bears and cuddly toys as a tribute to the children who died in the attack . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . they included bouhlel ’ s ex-wife , but she was reportedly released from custody sunday morning , according to authorities speaking to local media . i will never forget that white truck . bouhlel , 31 , was a “soldier of the islamic state , ” the militant group declared saturday . ( thomas johnson/the washington post ) mohamed lahouaiej bouhlel was behind the wheel of a truck that barreled into bastille day revelers and claimed 84 lives .
but they have not called me yet , ” he said when asked if he has spoken to chinese president xi jinping about the case . credit : the canadian press/ap the diplomatic fallout from her arrest by canadian authorities , acting on behalf of the us , has deepened with a former canadian diplomat michael kovrig detained in china . huawei ’ s chief financial officer meng wanzhou was arrested in canada dec. ” “if i think it ’ s good for what will be certainly the largest trade deal ever made – which is a very important thing – what ’ s good for national security – i would certainly intervene if i thought it was necessary , ” trump said .
for detailed and historic pennsylvania inheritance tax information , please review the tax compendium . the rates for pennsylvania inheritance tax are as follows : 0 percent on transfers to a surviving spouse or to a parent from a child aged 21 or younger ; 4.5 percent on transfers to direct descendants and lineal heirs ; 12 percent on transfers to siblings ; and 15 percent on transfers to other heirs , except charitable organizations , exempt institutions and government entities exempt from tax . inheritance tax payments are due upon the death of the decedent and become delinquent nine months after the individual ' s death .
hms illustrious is currently in the gulf and is expected to arrive in the philippines on 24 november . typhoon haiyan , which hit on friday , killed at least 2,300 people and displaced more than half a million . eight people were crushed to death when a huge crowd stormed a rice warehouse near tacloban , one of the worst-hit cities , authorities said . speaking on a visit to india , mr cameron also said the uk government had now given more than £ 20m in aid . elsewhere , residents dug up underground pipes and smashed them open to get water .
“we ’ re going to do it a little different , if that ’ s ok , ” he said in virginia earlier this month . donald trump ' s presidential campaign is planning on a political convention packed with sports stars . the republican national convention will take place in cleveland from july 18 – 21 . trump has boasted in the past about his endorsement by tyson , who has re-emerged in popular culture in recent years with roles in popular movies like “hangover ” and the publishing of a well-received memoir . [ bloomberg ]
she was placed on the missing list after relatives called a hot line and posted facebook messages saying she was missing . a car passes tornado-destroyed buildings and trees as clouds roll in on wednesday , may 25 , 2011 , in joplin , mo . " well , for heaven ' s sakes , " betty salzer , 74 , said when the ap showed her the list . ( associated press ) the associated press found 75-year-old sally adams sitting on a wooden chair and cuddling her pet cat thursday . whitehead said he did not know whether those nine were among the known fatalities .
nasa scientists are calling it a highway because it lets particles in and out of the solar system . these data would be consistent with voyager 1 ' s exit from the heliosphere , but voyager 1 ' s magnetic-field reading instrument indicates otherwise . the new results were described at the american geophysical union meeting in san francisco on monday . " we believe this is the last leg of our journey to interstellar space . we should see the particles created by high energy cosmic rays increase in number , and slow particles from inside the heliosphere should disappear .
https://t.co/nbqsmruktw — vaughn sterling ( @vplus ) october 6 , 2016 megyn kelly and sean hannity just went to war with each other … — dylan byers ( @dylanbyers ) october 6 , 2016 whoa . " sure . " they ' re both in their own version of a presidential protection program , " kelly said . learn more cable newsers at cnn and msnbc were very taken aback by this : oh man . what an incredible moment . wheels coming off . fox is house money for hannity . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
he has a picture of his wife with him as he eats ! i love him i love love ���������� pic.twitter.com/c9t0qkjfei — ℳadi ℬash ( @maaadina ) october 22 , 2014 soulrose said the man had a few nuggets of wisdom , saying : " i was a very rich man . the barber went to his phone and called his daughter in . “they met when they were both 17. madina bashizaduah from san francisco posted a similar image on twitter on oct. tearjerker of the day . after his return , he decided to look for her .
on mayweather ' s claim that he ' s dehydrated behind bars -- saying the boxer ' s condition is " self-induced as water is made available to [ floyd ] twenty-four hours a day . in this photo taken dec. " i am concerned about floyd withdrawing , developing anger he cannot dissipate through the usual means of dedicated exercise and training , " voy wrote in an affidavit . the four seasons ? 22 , but was allowed to remain free long enough to make a cinco de mayo weekend fight . mayweather lawyer richard wright didn ' t immediately return a phone message late wednesday .
madsen said the computer searched by police was not his but was used by everyone in the laboratory . correction : this story has been updated to clarify that some of wall ' s remains were found he denies the charges . the inventor originally claimed he had dropped wall off on land on the night of august 10 , according to a police statement . madsen is accused of killing wall . story_separator_special_tag copenhagen , denmark ( cnn ) divers have found the head and legs of swedish journalist kim wall , danish police said saturday at a news conference .
“now , i know you think that ’ s a picture of me kissing sean spicer , but in the spirit of sean spicer , no , it isn ’ t. " this will be the largest audience to witness the emmys , period -- both in person and around the world , " he said . for mr. and , like many before him , he hopes to translate his embattled tenure into something more lasting and lucrative . in an interview on monday morning , mr. the once-obscure party spokesman has been elevated to a level of celebrity he scarcely dreamed possible a year ago .
( associated press ) students and guardians walk to their car from the franklin regional middle school after more then a dozen students were stabbed by a knife wielding suspect at franklin regional high school on wednesday , ... " ... it ' s important that he be examined by a psychiatrist and determined where he is mentally . the accused attacker was been identified as 16-year-old alex hribal , according to a criminal complaint made public . , near ... timothy vanfleet , chief of emergency medicine at the university of pittsburgh medical center , told cnn . " almost all of them said they didn ' t see anyone coming at them .
he said he ' ll be back , and now he ' s keeping his promise : arnold schwarzenegger is plotting a movie return . orrin hatch of utah , even became known as " the schwarzenegger amendment . my friends at caa have been asking me for 7 years when they can take offers seriously . one bill , introduced by sen. gave them the green light today . in recent years , the republican has had his hands full as california and the rest of the united states have struggled through the recession.when schwarzenegger first took office as governor , his popularity was high and there was even chatter about the possibility of a run for the presidency .
thune told slayton he had to consider his family ' s role in a grueling presidential campaign — a sentiment that thune expressed in his politico interview when he said his wife had read " game change , " an account of the 2008 campaign . we are forever grateful for all the support . i want to thank those who have encouraged us and prayed for us during the past several months . ... ” the third problem : timing . $ first name last name phone email zip next » i ’ d like to volunteer send me email updates send me text alerts first name last name cell phone email zip submit
it is in the following year that mr rees is alleged to have accessed the duchess of cambridge ’ s bank account details . none of these cases has been officially confirmed or even investigated . " prime minister , powerful forces are attempting a cover-up , " watson said . after his acquittal , it was disclosed that mr rees , who was a private investigator for southern investigations — the company established by mr morgan , had worked for a number of media outlets . a st james ’ s palace spokesman said they were unable to comment .
cerutti , 50 , was arrested saturday at his duplex near the northtown mall after his neighbor called police , according to court documents . a spokane man faces assault charges after allegedly attacking his neighbor with a sword following a dispute over garbage cans . according to court documents , cerutti ’ s wife got into an argument with her neighbor after accusing him of throwing his garbage into her garbage can . the victim put his hands up to block the blade and was able to pull the sword away from cerutti , court documents say . story_separator_special_tag carlo m.
( associated press ) a family of people involved in a crashed plane arrives at the barcelona airport in spain , tuesday , march 24 , 2015. a germanwings ... " candles and tears the students were sent home but many returned in the afternoon with candles in their hands and tears in their eyes to mourn with each other at the school . the text reads : ' in silent sympathy . a germanwings passenger jet carrying 150 people crashed in the french alps region as it traveled from ... most of the students were about 15 years old .
the reaction to williams ' death in august topped google ' s list of 2014 ' s fastest-rising search requests . other topics of worldwide intrigue on google included the addictive smartphone game " flappy bird , " bearded drag queen conchita wurst , the middle east extremist group isis , the hit disney movie " frozen , " and the winter olympics in russia . how many can you get ? instead of doing a wide-ranging [ pro tip : remember , people generally search for depressing/scary stuff more than pretty much anything else. they were singer ariana grande ( no .
” the company claimed that infowars violated paypal ’ s “acceptable use policy ” because it “promoted hate and discriminatory intolerance against certain communities and religions. facebook banned a number of infowars pages in august after public pressure . to what degree will conservatives allow themselves to be punished for their political opinions ? this is yet another example of a competing media outlet abusing its dominant position to lobby to shut down a smaller media outlet . in addition , the jeff bezos-owned washington post published an article less than two weeks ago that served as a dog whistle for paypal to ban infowars .
paris , april 5 ( upi ) -- a french court ordered air france to pay damages and a fine for forcing a pro-palestine activist off a flight to tel aviv , israel , because she was not jewish . air france claimed ankour ' s name was on a list of undesirables provided by the israeli government . when the 30-year-old answered " no " again she was escorted from the flight . more » copyright © 2013 afp . all rights reserved . french prosecutors back her case in court , calling it a case of discrimination .
that same year , he climbed 38 swiss peaks in 19 days , la tribune de geneve reports . loretan ' s acclaim was marred by the tragic 2001 death of his 7-month-old son , who was killed when loretan shook him to stop his crying . the two climbers fell for unknown reasons at a height of 3,800m , up the 4,043-m peak , police from the swiss canton of valais said . he later called an ambulance . he scaled his first 8,000-m peak , nanga parbat in pakistan , in 1982. credit : associated press / keystone / str story_separator_special_tag image caption loretan began climbing aged 11 renowned swiss climber erhard loretan has died in a climbing accident in the swiss alps on his 52nd birthday .
well , no : his first guest is his antique 1952 vw beetle , a gorgeous collectors ’ item that seinfeld described lovingly but with a dry observation about its meekness : “if , like me , you feel that true humility is always in short supply , this is the car for you. the restaurant scenes recall rob brydon and steve coogan ' s semi-improvised gastronomic travel documentary the trip . how so ? hilarity ensues . they talk . but now the web has also attracted the attention of stars who have all the freedom and attention they need .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . &#124; chip somodevilla/getty images trump responds to new fbi informant reports president donald trump on saturday appeared to respond to new reports that an fbi informant had reached out to multiple campaign aides during the 2016 presidential campaign . there ' s no indication that was the case . if true - all time biggest political scandal ! house freedom caucus co-founder rep. it took place very early on , and long before the phony russia hoax became a ' hot ' fake news story .
" trump tweeted . then , on friday , ginsburg told the new york times ’ story_separator_special_tag nothing supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg has said in recent interviews about the presidential election should surprise anyone familiar with her biography and her career on the court . ... learn more " see : jcus-apr 73 , pp . he really has an ego . — donald j. they are . 9-11. trump “has no consistency about him . how has he gotten away with not turning over his tax returns ? trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) july 13 , 2016 it is highly unusual for a justice to make such politically charged remarks , and some critics said she crossed the line .
in this thursday , april 9 , 2015 photo , divers emerge from the water as debris believed to be from a car floats to the surface where a car went off the berth and into the water at the san pedro slip , across ... ali f. ” “irs criminal investigation is elmezayen made his initial appearance on november 8 , when he was ordered held without bond pending this afternoon ’ s detention hearing . according to a criminal complaint , elmezayen purchased several accidental death insurance policies providing more than $ 6 million in coverage on himself , his domestic partner and his children in 2012 and 2013.
described for the first time in the journal of mammalogy , this new species of mammal is so unique that it also represents a new genus . but the hog-nosed rat has especially long incisors . and until tuesday , the world was oblivious to its existence . we came back to camp and were both surprised that the other one had it as well , ” esselstyn said . takson baru ini hanya diketahui dari lokasi spesimen tipe pada ketinggian 1,600 mdpl di gunung dako , kabupaten tolitoli . " advertisement while scientists are yet to observe a live hog-nosed rat , the five specimens caught in overnight traps boast long hind limbs similar to a bandicoot , suggesting it might hop , and long pubic hairs not seen in rats but featured on an australian hopping mammal , the potoroo .
in 2011 , " extended " family in utah became aware that lexi was with a foster family and expressed " interest in adopting " her , according to the documents . we need to follow the law , and we need to enforce the court orders . new icwa regs resource page new ! it also acknowledges but officials determined that lexi is 1/64th choctaw based on his ancestry . § 1902 ) . another sister lives within walking distance , heimov said . the protesters gathered a few houses away so she wouldn ' t hear or see them .
" when she was told she had to , she answered : " i do not have to . two months after that first deposition , camille cosby was deposed a second time , according to attorneys for her and her husband . hugh hefner in october 2011 . 22 deposition was taking place . bill cosby has counter-sued the seven women who filed suit , also alleging defamation . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . at one point she was asked “now , can we agree that throughout your marriage that your husband betrayed the sanctity of your marital home ?
eduardo vela , who worked as a gynaecologist at the san ramón clinic in madrid , had been accused of taking inés madrigal from her biological mother in the spring of 1969 and giving her to the 46-year-old woman who was falsely certified as her birth mother and who would raise her . a spanish court has ruled that a doctor stole a newborn child nearly five decades ago , one of many abducted during ... francisco franco in 1975. 8 , 2018. ( associated press ) ines madrigal speaks to journalists outside a court in madrid , spain , monday oct.
story_separator_special_tag relaxnews mcdonald ' s has bottled their iconic ' special sauce ' in preparation for a giveaway that will hand out 10,000 free bottles of the stuff to promote the launch of their new big macs . ! " , sales dipped by 1.3 percent compared to the same period in 2015. in the u.s. is a big mac , minus the middle layer and second beef patty . the fast food giant is also hoping to resurrect its most iconic sandwich , particularly among millennial consumers . and the grand mac , two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich .
dakota layers produces more than 90,000 dozens of eggs daily and ships about 70 percent of its eggs to california . ( ap ) — an eastern south dakota farm with 1.3 million egg-laying chickens is the first in the chicken-production business in the state to be infected with a deadly flu virus despite efforts to prevent it , state and farm officials said thursday . post holdings inc. sioux falls , s.d . the cost of breaker eggs -- those cracked and sold in liquid form for use by wholesale bakers and restaurants such as mcdonald ’ s corp.
prince has recorded a new song in response to gray ' s death and the protest . he and 3rdeyegirl began their “rehearsal ” on stage . the as-yet unreleased track , simply titled “baltimore , ” will address “the unrest in baltimore and the socio/political issues around the country in the wake of a slew of killings of young black men , ” according to prince ’ s publicist . read more what happened next left his city in turmoil and the nation on edge . an earth-toned hat covered the legend ' s afro almost completely .
susie . ) atonement ' s terrific ronan , with her astonishing glacier-blue eyes , watches from a scenic afterlife as her father ( mark wahlberg ) , mother ( rachel weisz ) , younger siblings , and selected friends simultaneously heal from their loss and search for her killer . but the scenes that take place in an trailer : get a taste of peter jackson ' s adaptation of the bestselling book alice sebold ' s best-selling the lovely bones falls into that category . one kid . but a device that works on the page comes off artificial and emotionless on-screen .
u.s. state department spokeswoman neather nauert voiced her government ' s concerns as the polish senate was preparing to approve the bill , a step that would put it closer to becoming law . 29 , 2018 . the camps were built and operated by nazi germany after it invaded poland in 1939. deputies from across israel ' s often fractious political spectrum have united to denounce it . ( ap photo/czarek sokolowski ) ( associated press ) warsaw , poland ( ap ) — the united states asked poland to rethink plans to enact proposed legislation regulating holocaust speech that has sparked a diplomatic dispute with israel , arguing wednesday that if it passes it could hurt freedom of speech as well as strategic relationships .
and you can add a layer of varnish if you ' d like to preserve your sweet suite even longer . " the maderno sweet bathroom set includes a 210,000-calorie chocolate bidet , a 210,000-calorie chocolate sink , an 8 million-calorie chocolate tub and a 980,000-calorie chocolate toilet . " so it ' s not ideal for running that relaxing bath ! why ? follow me on twitter @jenn_harris_ nevertheless , of the millions of google searches for sweet related terms each month , a number of these come to our web site . take a look about bathroomsweets.com at bathrooms.com we know – well – bathrooms .
the messages were left on te ' o ' s phone by who he believed was lennay kekua . " espn ' s spreadsheet had indicated " more than 1,000 " calls over a four-month span . notre dame football star manti te ’ o has claimed he is the victim of a cruel hoax after it was revealed that his girlfriend , lennay kekua , never existed and that her death was faked . 10. ( original accounts of te ' o ' s tragedy put her release on sept . listen to the voicemails manti te ’ o provided exclusively to “katie ” : hear the following voicemails from lennay kekua : one she left on what she said was her first day of chemo treatment : one she left accusing manti of having someone else in his room : one she left on the day she said she was released from the hospital , september 11th , 2012 :
” “it ’ s just awful , ” he said . walking past the scene , strauss explained to his 6-year-old that the memorial was for “grandpa. “it represents hate and evil. police were called about 6 : 40 p.m. to the downtown landmark and said witnesses helped them identify a 17-year-old suspect . danielle souza , 27 , of everett , said the timing of the vandalism was distressing . and , in light of the recent events and unrest in charlottesville , it ’ s sad to see a young person choose to engage in such senseless and shameful behavior.
croatia alleges that serbia ' s destruction of towns and expulsion of ethnic croats in slavonia amounted to genocide . the only mystery is why the cases ever progressed this far . speaking in court on tuesday , judge peter tomka dismissed both the croatian claim and the serbian counter-claim . however , neither side had provided sufficient evidence to demonstrate the " specific intent required for acts of genocide " . ( editing by anthony deutsch and andrew heavens ) the court ' s ruling was posted online . " what ' s really at stake is both states trying to justify their wars , " said eric gordy , a professor at london ' s school of slavonic and east european studies .
in his latest ad , adler hangs out with a multi-ethnic crowd touting his appeal to asian voters by pointing out that he ’ s married to a korean and that — as a jew — he can understand what it ’ s like to be a minority . ” the clip is drawing attention from viral video sites . story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . benjy sarlin benjy sarlin is a reporter for talking points memo and co-writes the campaign blog , tpm2012 .
but one expert has insisted the human relic is actually in ' very deep meditation ' and in a rare and very special spiritual state known as ' tukdam ' . he was covered in cattle skin . born in 1852 , dashi-dorzho itigilov was a buryat buddhist lama of the story_separator_special_tag is this the body of famed buddhist monk dashi-dorzho itigilov ? over the last 50 years there are said to have been 40 such cases in india involving meditating tibetan monks . 27 in north central mongolia . perhaps even for a monk in lotus position . the monk was discovered after being stolen by a man hoping to sell him on the black market .
president obama interrupted his o ' ahu vacation today to make his first statement about the attempted christmas day bombing of a northwest airline flight and to rush off the golf course when the son of one of his friends suffered a slight injury on the beach in kailua . " ... colby brown , 20 , from redmond , ore. we didn ' t see anything . an administration official said no stitches were needed . good morning everybody . lance cpl . pfc . obama , dr. mr. , videotaped obama ' s appearance for the base ' s " combat camera " unit .
' i thought i was dead , ' lamm said . on july 12 , 2015 , le cun says he was enjoying a day of boating and scuba diving with his family and friends off the coast of hutchinson island . he just , poof , gone , " said blake . mehalik said there also is a buoy nearby marking the pipe . he declined offers to have doctors examine him . " he got sucked in like a wet noodle . florida power &amp; light disagrees . " instant death . " werksma asked .
, according to township officials . sewer leak at valley forge park water gushed onto the roadway at the intersection of route 252 and yellow springs road in valley forge park causing traffic problems . the 30-inch main is shared by tredyffrin township , easttown township , east whiteland township , malvern borough and willistown township . officials say more than three million gallons of sewage may be in the creek . gulph road to rt . " we ' ve engaged other consultants to give us a long-term assessment of the pipe . nbc10 reached out to the pa.
you could be in the third world and get a glimpse of a hollywood star and it could make you feel a little bit better . ” to awkward laughter from the audience . he ’ s back . mel gibson to present an award at the golden globes read more dui , domestic violence battery : in many ways , mel was the last great it ’ s for writing . ” “i hope i haven ’ t offended anyone . but gervais did do it again . just got the one now . gervais is referencing gibson ’ s run-in with the law in 2006.
the message has arabic and english subtitles , and begins by saying : “we , the deaf and mute , direct our message to the islamic world. “when i complete my duties , my brother abu abdhur-rahman takes my place. the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph story_separator_special_tag share tweet share send link isis has released a new propaganda video featuring two deaf-mute militants delivering a sign language propaganda message .
" it ' s been a huge project . for example , in many cases we may not have crawled all of the embedded and linked objects in a page since the urls for these resources were added into queues that quickly grew bigger than the intended size of the crawl ( and therefore we never got to them ) . i ' m from australia and it was going on when i was an undergraduate there 10 years ago . " e. if you would like access to this set of crawl data , please contact us at info at archive dot org and let us know who you are and what you ’ re hoping to do with it .
first baptist church responded to tebow ' s cancellation in a statement . jeffress wednesday evening to say that for " personal and professional reasons he needed to avoid controversy " ... mike bianchi of the orlando sentinel said tebow risked losing his credibility if he appeared at the church . jeffress shares a message of hope , not hate . " according to the church , tebow called dr. god bless ! the church boasts more than 11,000 congregants . robert jeffress , specifically related to issues of homosexuality and aids , as well as judaism. this simple gesture is an effective rebuke of intolerance .
’ it ’ s a lifting thing. " we ' ll do it very quietly , " john told lauer . furnish , 51 , said he and elton entered a civil partnership as a symbolic way to support the movement that so many people had struggled to achieve , and to acknowledge their commitment to each other . ... it was just me being inquisitive . ' bad decision . “initially , the political side of you is like , ‘no , no , we must have equality. " they have two kids together , zachary , 3 , and elijah , 1.
" " we became friends about a decade ago because we discovered that we were so much alike and shared the same values and principles that govern our lives , " carson told the judge , adding that their families vacationed together and that they were involved in " joint projects . unfortunately , he doesn ’ t mention it in his book , even though he devotes a chapter to health care . ” yikes ! ( associated press ) in this photo taken dec. ben carson , center , flanked by dr. instead , his writing offers up some off-the-cuff emotional reactions to problems he has experienced .
" robert meyers said his wife " spent countless hours at that park consoling this boy , " that she fed him and gave him money , and that " she told him to pull his pants up and to be a man , more times than i can count . we knew how bad he was , but we didn ' t know it was this bad . lvmpd homicide detectives have arrested the suspect in the february 12th road rage shooting incident . christopher tomaino said . lt. a monday morning court hearing has been scheduled .
walter palmer ( left ) and one of his previous trophy kills photograph : facebook in a statement to the guardian , palmer confirmed he had been in zimbabwe in early july on a bow hunting trip . cecil was then beheaded and skinned . the group did not find the wounded lion until 40 hours later , when he was shot dead with a gun . rex features via ap buy photo wait 1 second to continue . the two zimbabwean men appeared at the hwange magistrate ’ s court on wednesday , according to the associated press .
story_separator_special_tag this article is over 2 years old animal euthanised after woman ’ s body found inside its enclosure at spanish zoo a tiger has attacked and killed a zookeeper in its cage at a spanish animal park . staff are said to be " appalled and deeply affected " by the tragic news . police were investigating . sarah mcclay , 24 , was pounced on in the keepers ' corridor of the tiger house at south lakes safari zoo in dalton-in-furness , cumbria , on may 24 , 2013. the woman lived in benidorm but further details have not been released about her identity or her age .
police investigate a multiple car accident with 5 doa ' s and 12 injuries at bronx river pkwy near 177th street in the bronx on sunday 07-09-06 . he can ' t feel , " fulgencio said . ( andrew theodorakis/daily news ) buckvar said traffic tends to slow suddenly there , and that officials have considered adding a new lane . all seven people on board were killed . photo by robert stridiron . authorities say the out-of-control ... the medical examiner ' s office on monday ruled the deaths accidental . the vehicle flipped in midair and landed about six stories below in an unoccupied part of the bronx zoo .
an entire pallet and part of a second pallet were stolen between 8.45pm on monday and 5.30am on tuesday . " police are appealing for information , especially about anyone trying to sell large quantities of heinz baked beans in suspicious circumstances , " a force spokesman said . more than 6,000 tins of beans have been stolen from a parked-up lorry . the lorry had been parked in a lay-by on the a441 , at cookhill , near redditch , worcestershire , when the raiders struck . a total of 6,400 tins of heinz baked beans with sausages were taken after thieves cut a large hole in the white scania vehicle , west mercia police said .
" on the morning of the operation , consultant plastic surgeon neil bulstrode stencils the shape of louise sorkin ' s ears . kieran was born deaf with small lobes where his ears should be . " he also described kieran ' s difficulties at school , saying : " he had problems at school in that he didn ' t gel very well in the groups because he looked different to other kids and he only had one or two friends at his previous school . " you see this when they come back . " i want people to stop asking me questions " , said kieran from hertfordshire .
a wooden schooner built in 1928 , the nina , left port in northern new zealand at the end of may and dropped out of communication a week later , a maritime safety authority said thursday . he continued sending messages the next few days but didn ' t hear back . it was en route to newcastle , australia . ... she did . an air force plane on tuesday searched the area where the boat went missing . they say there are two other american men and three american women aboard , aged between 17 and 73.
“as someone who was a fan of 50 cent since i was a kid , i ’ m disgusted at his ignorance and insensitive response to terry crew ’ s sexual assault story , ” the twitter user wrote . 🤨get the strap. simmons has been accused of raping several women . advertisement - continue reading below in his testimony , crews offered a poignant perspective . ” he then added a caption : “👀lol , what the fuck is going on out here man ? “to laugh and make jokes about such a serious matter is one of the main reasons why sexual assault victims are afraid to speak up.
it ' s a fire tornado . the spiral picks up small material like dust as it twists up . gale-force winds fueled an unprecedented number of wildfires that started almost simultaneously after night fell oct. “all of the landmarks — the houses , the fences , the goofy volkswagen bug — all of the visual landmarks were gone , ” degraffenreid said . story_separator_special_tag want to see something so truly terrifying that it will put this whole white house-russia debacle into perspective ? abc 7 reporter steve douglass was covering a fire near the rick husband amarillo international airport in northern texas on thursday when he caught a fire whirl on camera .
” the agreement signed in pyongyang “will open a higher level for the improvement in relations ” between the two koreas , kim added , describing it as a “leap forward ” toward peace . north korean leader kim jong-un has agreed to shut one of the country ' s main missile testing and launch sites . laura bicker considers what might happen next . hero remains to continue being ........ paektu , north korea , september 20 , 2018. but he went further on tongchang-ri , saying the engine the details of that were not specified .
later this month , the american rock band bon jovi was due to play its first shows in mainland china , with concerts planned in beijing , shanghai , and macau . according to a number of sources , the band ' s performance permits have been pulled . the band ' s namesake singer , jon bon jovi , celebrated the news by recording a famous chinese love song in mandarin , a move that endeared him greatly to fans . twitter is also banned in china . bon jovi ' s management was unable to provide comment at the time of writing .
' ( photo : kerry brown ) la la land and diversity were major winners in tuesday ' s oscar nominations , but not everyone woke up to an avalanche of excited texts . so how did she miss out on nomination no . michael keaton – the past nominee deserved a break today for his performance as mcdonald ’ s mogul ray kroc in the founder . here are some of the most significant people and projects snubbed this year for the oscars , which will be held february 26 on abc and hosted by jimmy kimmel . the musician and producer was nominated for a golden globe for best original score for hidden figures .
in a statement , the company said that it will be updating its policies in light of the incident . she wrote that the abuse leveled at her has been constant because of her race , gender and even her medical condition -- she said she has a brain tumor which this man has accused her of faking . " i ’ ve reported him using twitter ’ s ' report abuse ' form . " " got that ? for example , twitter allows users to block accounts that target them . you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history .
" boats are seen spraying water on an oil and gas platform that exploded in the gulf of mexico , of the coast of louisiana. they were rescued by a supply ship , coast guard capt . the coast guard said mariner energy reported the oil sheen . ( ap photo/gerald ... a fourth coast guard helicopter arrived at 2 : 50 p.m.but it wasn ' t clear how many people got out of it . but hours later , coast guard cmdr . , thursday , sept. all 13 crew members survived the explosion . the helicopter landed on the roof of terrebonne general medical center in houma , la .
- late night with seth meyers https://youtu.be/byg1qf3xjnm late night with seth meyers http://www.youtube.com/user/latenight ... meyers , who also has a 2-year-old son named ashe olson , told his audience monday that his newborn son axel couldn ’ t wait for his parents to arrive at the hospital to make his debut . again ! #tearsofjoy #itsabeautifulthing #latenight #sethmyers. want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? you ’ re a good man seth ! ” another tweeted , “@sethmeyers congratulations on your baby boy , axel !
the annual story_separator_special_tag washington ( reuters ) - the u.s. military has no plans yet to suspend any more major military exercises with south korea , the defense secretary said on tuesday , in the middle of a breakdown in diplomacy with north korea over its nuclear weapons . mr. " but we ' ll be saving a tremendous amount of money . “it will be a total denuclearization , which is already starting taking place. ” — president trump on june 21 “under the circumstances that we ’ re negotiating ... since then , diplomats have failed to advance the process .
" me too . story_separator_special_tag i ' ve been asked a number of times to comment on the harvey weinstein scandal . she later went on to have consensual sexual relations with him , which she described to the magazine as one-sided and onanistic , because she believed he would ruin her career if she didn ’ t comply . " it ' s a simple , powerful call to arms , and the latest hashtag collating stories of sexual harassment and assault , posted by hollywood actor alyssa milano . so your strength will inspire others . ” anthony has reported the rape allegation to the police who are investigating .
and you should be criminally investigated . " as warren accused stumpf of " gutless leadership , " wells fargo ' s stock price dipped . the decision is , in some ways , a compromise . pope francis called on the united states to respect the status quo in jerusalem , which both the israelis and palestinians claim as their capital . violent protests are expected in response . by midday . it was at $ 46.20 a share , up 0.43 percent . richard shelby , r-ala. she ripped into the culture that created the scandal .
knauf says markle is " delighted " that her parents will be by her side . they will spend their first night as a married couple in windsor castle . the queen ' s husband has been recovering from hip replacement surgery and has not participated in any public events since being discharged from the hospital in mid-april . a mutual friend suggested harry and meghan check out lubomirski ' s instagram where the fashion photographer posts his work that may mean a role for prince george , 4 , and princess charlotte , 3 , the children of prince william and the duchess of cambridge .
alexis said that he had an altercation with a man doing construction work near his home and that the men had been " taking retaliatory action toward each other ' s parked cars , " according to the investigative document that the personnel office gave to the navy . in september 2008 , alexis was arrested in dekalb county , ga. but there was no police involvement , and alexis successfully a recent memo sent to navy secretary ray mabus from assistant navy secretary juan m. his clearance was valid for 10 years . , on suspicion of disorderly conduct and jailed for two nights , resulting in an unauthorized absence .
here , for instance , is an associated press tweet about the events : peaceful protest in oregon rancher arson case followed by building takeover at national wildlife refuge : https://t.co/nsikxqlyiu — the associated press ( @ap ) january 3 , 2016 for many on social media , the reaction seems very different from how the media would react if , say , black or muslim protesters with guns took over a government building instead of a predominantly white group . it ' s a big story . religion and skin color . i recall them in ferguson and baltimore .
shibly is not named as a plaintiff in the lawsuit , and he stressed that the lawsuit is about countering what he said was an " illegal " policy by the store to discriminate against muslims . " we just can ' t let segregation rear its ugly head in florida again . andrew hallinan , the gun shop ' s 28-year-old owner , referred calls for comment to his lawyer , robert muise of the american freedom law center . " mr. " i have a moral and legal responsibility to ensure the safety of all patriots in my community , " hallinan said in the video .
proton pump inhibitors ( ppis ) are widely used for the treatment of gastrointestinal diseases but have also been shown to be potentially involved in cognitive decline . lafayette discovered she was suffering from a magnesium deficiency , a side effect of the drug . embargoed for release : 11 a.m. overall , our data presents for the first time that ppis can affect amyloid metabolism , both in vitro and in vivo . they work by lowering the amount of acid produced by the stomach . objective to examine the association between the use of ppis and the risk of incident dementia in the elderly .
trump has been famously friendly to russia ’ s strongman leader vladimir putin , calling him a better leader than president obama , and russia apparently concluded that trump would more story_separator_special_tag make no mistake , yesterday ’ s washington post revelation that the cia has concluded that russia was actively trying to elect donald trump as opposed to just “meddling with ” the election , is a nuclear bombshell . in an interview on fox news sunday on dec. hyperbole ? think again . of course , there ' oh , wait ; yes they do .
" colombia is not just prostitutes , drugs and violence , it ' s much more than that , " said maria fernanda martinez , 35 , a colombian tourist on vacation in cartagena . obama ’ s remarks were his first about the growing scandal . then we ’ ve got to ask : where are the systems in place to prevent this in the future ? . . house oversight and government reform committee chairman darrell issa ( r-calif. ” “i ’ m very grateful for what they do , ” he said . the agents — who were removed from cartagena on thursday and replaced with a new team shortly before obama ’ s arrival friday — were returned to washington and interviewed by the office of professional responsibility , the agency ’ s internal affairs unit .
bush ' s administration , christie ran the federal prosecutors ' office in new jersey for several years , and he is now leading trump ' s transition team . sharing intelligence assessments with presidential nominees is a tradition that goes back to harry truman , who signed the law that created the cia in 1947. the candidates don ’ t need a security clearance to receive the briefing , clapper said . " just fake it because this man is dangerous . as a u.s. attorney under george w. gen. the fbi , however , will have no role in the briefing beyond playing host , abc news was told .
× woman with last name of crook arrested after allegedly stealing underwear from alhambra kohl ’ s store a woman with the last name of crook was arrested on suspicion of commercial burglary friday after she allegedly stole ladies undergarments from a kohl ’ s department store in alhambra , police said . no further information was immediately available . josephine crook was accused of concealing the items in an empty purse and failing to pay for them , according to an alhambra police department facebook post . she was scheduled to make her first court appearance on wednesday at the alhambra municipal court .
it is the second recent theft of overhead cabling in lincolnshire , with a similar incident taking place at normanby-le-wold in august . the theft took place overnight on friday on land off the a1133 at newton-on-trent and left the village without power for several hours . more than 1,000 metres of overhead cabling has been stolen in lincolnshire - leading to a village blackout . officers are warning of the obvious extreme dangers of this type of crime and are appealing for anyone who has any information to call them on 0300 111 0300 . story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
dow jones publishes the wall street journal and barron ’ s and provides information through a number of services including dow jones newswires . the company said it had hackers are now stealing sensitive information and selling it to traders . data being held for public release at a specified time can also be a gold mine in markets where the profitably of a trade is determined in a fraction of a second . when he disclosed the customer-data breach on oct. , caterpillar inc. , boeing co. for more , read this next : quicktake : cybersecurity information companies are regularly bombarded by hackers .
) filming is scheduled to last until about august in new york city , where holmes recently moved into a new three-bedroom apartment with suri.the actress , who wrapped a modern film retelling of anton chekhov ' s the seagull in may , is then due on set in the fall to shoot responsible adults , a romantic comedy about a guy ( chace crawford ) who discovers that his crush was his babysitter 15 years earlier.she ' s also planning her first-ever show at new york ' s fashion week in the fall for her clothing line , holmes &amp; yang.amid her jam-packed schedule , holmes and cruise ' s lawyers are currently working on a divorce settlement between the two stars .
so what do you get when you combine karl lagerfeld ’ s modern and innovative spirit with faber-castell ’ s reputation in crafting fine art and graphic products ? lagerfeld is known for a wide range of luxury goods , including ready-to-wear for men , women and children , accessories , bags , watches and eyewear . everything is housed in an über-chic black lacquered box designed by lagerfeld . expand the color family found in each section is thoughtfully etched along the story_separator_special_tag displayed like a precious artifact under a clear acrylic case , a set of colored pencils in midtown manhattan is proving irresistible to coloring aficionados and sketch artists .
the philadelphia archbishop , charles chaput , is known as one of the staunchest conservative leaders in the us catholic church , a view that is reflected in the rules the archdiocese published . chaput has asserted in a new set of pastoral guidelines . “my suspicion is that those who are inclined to a more progressive reading [ of amoris laetitia ] are not going to put out documents to say so . in his pastoral guidelines , chaput praises amoris for its " sections of exceptional beauty , " and notes that it will serve as " key resources in revising and upgrading our [ archdiocesan ] marriage preparation program .
and he ' s like … . .. i was thinking that i was going to meet the charlie sheen that i see on tv . sources with knowledge of the situation tell me denise richards has effectively barred charlie from being alone with daughters sam and lola until he completes his ( stay-at-home ) rehab . story_separator_special_tag porn star babysitter ? oh , we got to call my boy. and then , she claims , he asked if she could baby-sit his kids . at about 3 a.m. " this is enough . he looks up .
close more women are buying breat milk online , but a study by nationwide children ' s hospital discovered high levels of bacteria . researchers compared the online-purchased breast milk samples to samples of unpasteurized breast milk donated to a non-profit milk bank . the association ’ s banks distributed 2.15 million ounces in 2011 , but the current annual need is 9 million ounces . the new study suggests that may prove hazardous . pasteurization kills the harmful bacteria before the milk reaches an infant . coli . “we wanted to be mindful that the donors were healthy , but there was never a moment when we were afraid .
“this kind of test could be used to screen many thousands of patients to identify those at risk for alzheimer ’ s disease , and to start treatments before memory loss and brain damage , ” says randall bateman , of washington university in st louis , who unveiled the test at the alzheimer ’ s association international conference in london today . older types of pet scans show what region of the brain appears most affected , of limited help " we ' re not accurate enough , " said dr. so far , the results have been dramatic .
a notice was sent to parents allowing them to opt their children out of the survey , but parent vanessa beach said she never received it . " a sexual partner at 10 years old would be called sexual abuse . so are all the other kids who took this , " beach said . " a wise representative said the survey questions were created with university of new hampshire researchers with whom the group is sharing the collected data . beach said she told the school and wise about her concerns . beach said she appreciates much of the work wise does to promote awareness and education around domestic violence .
" afterward they talk ( shrewdly yet idealistically ) about using new technology to reach young voters disillusioned by obama ' s failure to deliver all that hope and change he promised the facebook generation , and how off-the-cuff sass is the only way to speak to an audience that gets its news from jon stewart and twitter . they saw elf ; humphries bought a bucket of popcorn the size of a garbage can . " liddy ! even mark block was impressed . " mary anne says , mortified . so decide for yourself if their rallying cry of hold on for one more day is touching or painfully ironic .
but he later revealed he was at the standoff scene in brunswick , d ' ambrosi said . story_separator_special_tag please enable javascript to watch this video north royalton , ohio - the man suspected of killing a north royalton mother and her two daughters as well as a lake township couple is in police custody facing murder charges . brinkman , jr. brinkman ' s criminal history includes misdemeanor convictions for passing bad checks , criminal mischief and disorderly conduct , records show . brinkman initially agreed to an on-camera interview to discuss the three women and his relationship to them .
" some of the members of that caucus were voting with us , but not enough were , " ryan said . they ' ve bloodied trump , bashed ryan , and showed that even in a gop-run washington , they still matter big time . ryan told reporters that his advice to trump was to cancel the vote . what happened on the floor is a victory for the american people — for our seniors , for people with disabilities , for our children , for our veterans . mo brooks ( r-ala. " he ' s been fantastic .
this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag police in munich evacuated two train stations in the city after getting word of a possible terror attack . check back for updates . the were reopened hours later . officers who were off duty for new years went into work and are now performing sweeps of the stations . police have not yet found anything suspicious , they said . police are asking people to avoid crowds , public transportation and train stations . both train stations has been evacuated , police said .
rocha was detained following a court hearing , prosecutors said . telexfree had few customers and made most of its revenue from people buying into the company with a promise of payouts for posting online ads for it , prosecutors have said . merrill was arrested in may 2014 and pleaded guilty to conspiracy and wire fraud charges in october . his lawyer could not immediately be reached . on dec. 17-mj-05007 . rocha said the money totaled $ 20 million , the complaint said . westborough , mass . the case is u.s. v. 2. the other , carlos wanzeler , fled to his native brazil where he remains , u.s. prosecutors said .
" in more recent years , wilson starred in the movie " pearl harbor " and had a recurring role on ' csi ' ... scott was 76. our hearts go out to his wife , family , friends and to the millions of fans who loved him. — david morrissey ( @davemorrissey64 ) october 7 , 2018 devastated by the passing of scott wilson . ” soon after , the tv show ’ s twitter account released the following statement : “scott will be remembered as a great actor and an even better person .
in the video , isis shows musallam ' s israeli passport and claims he ' s an agent sent to infiltrate the group . reuters could not immediately verify the authenticity of the footage , which also appeared on twitter feeds used by islamic state supporters . he said his father and elder brother had encouraged him . after that , it showed musallam being escorted to a field and then being shot in the head by a boy , described by an older , french-speaking fighter as one of the " cubs of the caliphate " . all time , all
bernie sanders said today he will consider the democratic party ' s convention " contested , " unless his opponent hillary clinton gets enough pledged delegates to win nomination without super delegates . , and sanders to triumph in smaller states between now and the end of the race . but clinton realized the damage that could be done to interested in ? for it to change significantly in sanders ' s favor , he ' d need to do very , very well in california and new jersey in particular , a promise that he has issued often and delivered rarely .
the military has not conducted a long-promised head-to-head study to make sure the anam is the best available test , delaying it for years story_separator_special_tag military ' s brain-testing program a debacle the u.s. military has spent more than $ 42 million to test every service member ' s brain to find out who suffered a traumatic brain injury , or tbi , during the iraq and afghanistan wars . we have failed soldiers , " says retired col. " another high-ranking officer said it could yield misleading results . she still works with soldiers in germany . and then they struggle .
officer abts-olsen also informed the man he had only intended to issue him a warning , due to his clean driving record , until the cocaine came out . among these are numerous city department sites , sites for city services , and sites for seattle visitors , residents and businesses as well as social media sites created by city departments and elected officials . way south and south massachusetts around 8 : 30 pm when a man in a silver toyota drove past him with his headlights off . officer nic abts-olsen was patrolling in the colman neighborhood near martin luther king jr.
! ! ” police said they noticed lescowitch shared their post about him on his facebook page minutes after they posted it on theirs , and he mocked police in his post as well . the victim fell to the street , was knocked out and robbed while incapacitated . 29 for a preliminary hearing . , 35 , of drifton , was wanted by freeland police for aggravated assault and other charges since nov. contact alex wigglesworth at 215-854-2305 or awigglesworth@philly.com . > clayton r. anthony j. lescowitch jr. 27 , 2013.
" trump said he ' s working with the national rifle association on the details of a policy that would ban people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns . " other countries do it , you look at israel and you look at others , they do it and they do it successfully . ( ap photo/ross d. and i hate the concept of profiling but we have to start using common sense and we have to use our heads . there were a lot of red flags , this was not a very good young man .
after being tipped by the homeowner , cops noted , “a subsequent investigation linked benson to the burglary. he remains locked up in lieu of $ 125,000 bond . ” in addition to the sweatshirt , jewelry was stolen during last year ’ s burglary . story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . benson is seen in the above mug shot wearing the purloined garment . according to cops , a glastonbury residence was burglarized in july 2014 , but the probe of the crime was suspended after no leads were developed .
apple launched the iphone 4s on oct. china is one of the world ' s largest mobile device markets , with close to a billion cellphone users by some estimates . " we believe the demand for the iphone 4s in mainland china to be unprecedented , " white said . related : orangutans go ape for ipads , gorillas not so much apple design master awarded british knighthood apple fined in italy , accused of misleading warranties — david sarno photo : a couple look at an iphone in beijing in november . the iphone 4s was expected to eventually make it to the people ' s republic of china ( prc ) -- it debuted in hong kong on nov.
over time , some of the gold was found . this defiance led to the famous bear flag revolt of 1846 , where 33 american settlers , among them swift and ford , responded to the rumors that the mexican military commandant planned to expel all foreigners . in 1903 , a worker on a ranch in sonoma county dug up $ 7,000 in swift ' s $ 50 slugs . he struck it rich almost immediately . swift was known for many things , but he was not known for his memory . he made an immense amount of gold .
wiz khalifa ’ s video for “see you again ” featuring puth ... " youtube has a new top-viewed video of all time . story_separator_special_tag published on oct 22 , 2015 ‘purpose ’ available everywhere now ! the special collections department includes rare books and manuscripts and the university archives , with a collection emphasis on the history of the university and rockbridge county , generals lee and washington , and the shenandoah valley . get official merch here : http://atlr.ec/officialwkmerchyt stream furious 7 on spotify : http://smarturl.it/streamfurious7 directed by : marc klasfeld follow wiz : ►subscribe to channel : http://goo.gl/y3bnno ►twitter - https://twitter.com/wizkhalifa ►facebook - https://facebook.com/wizkhalifa ►instagram - https://instagram.com/mistercap ►soundcloud - https://soundcloud.com/wizkhalifa ►website : http://wizkhalifa.com ►taylor gang : http://taylorgang.com follow charlie puth : ►subscribe to channel : https://www.youtube.com/charlieputh ►twitter - https://twitter.com/charlieputh ►facebook - https://www.facebook.com/charlieputh ►instagram - http://instagram.com/charlieputh ►soundcloud - https://soundcloud.com/charlieputh ►website : http://charlieputh.com/ wiz khalifa - see you again ft.
a couple of students reportedly took photos of the exam answers from an answer key while the teacher was not in the classroom . “consequences are forthcoming , ” hainrihar said . southgate ( wwj ) – students at a downriver high school will have to retake a final exam and could be facing disciplinary action after they were caught cheating . one maintains that they only used it for themselves , the other said that they took the picture and shared it with other students , ” she said . take our poll below “because our disciplinary matrix is progressive in nature , one of the things that we always do is to determine whether or not a student may or may not have been involved in similar activity prior to this , and that may change their particular consequences.
securities and exchange commission chairman mary jo white , in a wide-ranging speech before exchange executives , bank officials and high-speed traders , called for ... they requested responses by may 1. virtu ’ s offering has since been postponed . the federal bureau of investigation is examining whether traders abuse information to act ahead of orders by institutional investors . registration requirements the new registration requirements would apply to a subset of trading firms that aren ’ t registered as broker-dealers with the sec . minimizing advantages “these could include frequent batch auctions or other mechanisms designed to minimize speed advantages , ” she said .
" this is absolutely appalling , " ina rogers said , standing in the doorway of her fairfield home while giving reporters her reaction to charges she and her husband abused , even tortured , their 10 children . she was arrested march 31 and released after posting $ 10,000 bail . he looks like a scary individual , and that ' s why people are so quick to judge him . i am an amazing mother . greg hurlbut . court records do not indicate whether the parents have lawyers . " she declined to elaborate . #developing fairfield father jonathan allen charged with 6 counts of child cruelty , 9 counts of child torture .
each employee gets to figure out what ’ s best for them and their family , and then works with their managers for coverage during their absences . now people want a better work-life balance and netflix is stepping up in the pursuit of that . back in the earlier-2000 ’ s perks were ping pong tables , an xbox , snacks and free lunch ( all to keep you in the office working hard ) . a few hours after hitting its all-time stock price high today , netflix has announced a new program for all employees . many tech companies , including netflix , offer unlimited paid vacation time .
ukraine ' s security service said it had banned him from the country for five years , according to news site apostrophe , which published a letter from the service saying he had “committed socially dangerous actions … that contradict the interests of maintaining ukraine ’ s security ” . ukraine later banned depardieu and has also blacklisted more than 100 russian films . samoilova plans to give another concert in crimea when the contest is held in kiev on 13 may . in 2015 , seagal was included in a proposed blacklist of foreign cultural figures who “speak out in support of violating the territorial integrity and sovereignty of ukraine ” along with french actor gérard depardieu and many russian artists .
environmentalists are concerned that the approaching oil slick will destroy this generation of the bird that nests ... ( associated press ) leonard lawton of pass christian , miss. according to a , fishes next to an oil retaining boom in bay st. they are spread over or in the water in very low concentration – a single gallon may cover several acres . the coast guard has estimated that about 200,000 gallons ( 757,060 liters ) of oil are spewing out each day _ which would mean 1.6 million gallons ( 6.06 million liters ) of oil story_separator_special_tag the chemicals bp is now relying on to break up the steady flow of leaking oil from deep below the gulf of mexico could create a new set of environmental problems .
the hiker was on the trail ' s half dome cables , the park service said in a statement . ( associated press ) yosemite national park , calif. his name has not been released pending notification of his family . read more he was hiking with another person during thunderstorm activity around 4 : 30 p.m. when he slipped and fell . richards said investigators are still trying to determine how the fall occurred . story_separator_special_tag in this july 15 , 2014 photo , hikers gather in the foreground as climbers use the assistance of cables to scale half dome in yosemite national park national park in california ' s sierra nevada .
in june , he told hill.tv that it ' s possible mueller would indict him as part of the investigation . i am being targeted not because i committed a crime , but because the ' deep state ' liberals want to silence me and pressure me to testify against my good friend president donald j . mueller has alleged that guccifer was a front for russian operatives , according to the guardian . trump . his team met with kristin davis , who once ran a high-end prostitution ring , earlier this month regarding her relationship with stone .
" it ' s a big hype . coal and petroleum are created by the decomposition of organisms that lived millions of years ago , and themselves used the sun ' s energy to grow . bloom energy says its fuel cells have a 2-to-1 efficiency over electric utilities . in an interview with cbs tv ' s 60 minutes sunday night — which did much to fuel anticipation for today who will purchase bloom ' s servers ? story_separator_special_tag a richly funded clean-energy startup is keeping critical parts of its business plan secret as it launches its first product amid fanfare .
) executive produced by selena gomez , 13 reasons why has been a breakout . season two will debut on netflix next year . some have criticized the show for glorifying suicide , which led to netflix adding an additional warning ahead of the series . on tape , hannah explains that there are 13 reasons why she decided to end her life . ( watch the first teaser below. while netflix doesn ' t release ratings information , " 13 reasons why " has proven a conversation-starting drama . kate walsh , brian d ’ arcy james , derek luke , brandon flynn , justin prentice , alisha boe , christian navarro and tommy dorfman also star .
emergency medicine physicians were defined as physicians with an emergency medicine specialty who billed 90 % or more of claims with an emergency department place of service . this study was approved by the institutional review board at harvard medical school , which waived the requirement for informed consent since the data were deidentified and only aggregate results would be reported . lewis s. secondary outcomes were rates of hospital encounters ( story_separator_special_tag some emergency room doctors are far more likely than others even within their own department to prescribe opioids to treat pain in older people , and their patients are at greater risk of using the powerful drugs chronically than those who saw doctors who prescribe them less frequently , according to a large new study .
online retail giant amazon will take on macy ' s and other herald square retailers with a physical store of its own for the holidays in new york , according to a wall street journal report citing people familiar with the plans . " even the apple store carries non-apple products , " he says . http://usat.ly/1vuljcm follow jefferson graham on twitter . amazon.com inc. " they want to see the product up close , and have it shown to them . amazon has built its business on competitive pricing and ... " there ' s still a segment of the population that ' s touchy-feely , " says bajarin .
mark sanford ( r ) has been having a rough few weeks in his campaign to reclaim his old house seat . story_separator_special_tag oberlin college &amp; northwestern universityarchive-it partner since : aug , 2008organization type : colleges &amp; universitiesorganization url : http://www.northwestern.edu the congressional candidate website project seeks to archive all major-party house and senate candidate websites during the 2008 and 2010 campaigns . republicans claimed the lawsuit was politically motivated and would have denied the state much-needed jobs . " as a last resort , he said , he ' d decided to instead debate " pelosi .
the body of a person killed in the attacks is carried to a hospital in sanaa on march 20. the attackers targeted mosques controlled by shiite rebels . one walked inside the mosque and detonated his device , causing panic as dozens of worshippers rushed toward the outside gates . at least 137 people were killed and 357 wounded when suicide bombers , pretending to be disabled and hiding explosives under casts , attacked the mosques in sanaa , according to yemen ' s state-run saba news agency . there was no immediate casualty report . houthi fighters stand near a damaged car after bombings in sanaa on march 20.
ram nath kovind , india ' s 14th president . dalits , who are often referred to as untouchables , occupy the lowest rung on india ' s caste system . always been a privilege to know you , president elect . unlike the american president , and in line with other westminster-style governments , the role of india ' s president lacks any real executive authority . r. narayanan , in office from 1997 to 2002. he also served as the national spokesman of the bjp between 2010 and 2012. breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports .
" athena " is checking in for her seat aboard @lufthansa on her way to germany ! alexander herzog ( l ) and jeannette bohg , doctoral student and senior research scientist at max planck society respectively , push ' athena ' , the first ' humanoid ' robot to fly as a passenger , as they arrive at los angeles international airport , california december 15 , 2014. [ pic ] . can you think of a better passenger than a robot ? she got an economy ticket but still enjoyed special treatment , including a cut to the front of the ticket line in the first-class lane .
in later centuries , plague victims in cambridge were buried on local grazing land such as midsummer common , and it is likely that the same locations were used in the medieval period as well . a lost medieval cemetery discovered under cambridge university contained graves that had been pre-dug in anticipation of winter deaths , archaeologists have discovered . " this is principally because this was a purely lay graveyard with no clerics present . originally merely a small building on a patch of waste ground , the hospital grew with church support to be a noted place of hospitality and care for both university scholars and local people .
van gogh ’ s bed came , too , since it would prove useful for the lodgers . it was there that he conceived some of his finest works.gauguin arrived a month after the beds but his stay was abruptly curtailed by the events of 23 december . jealousy ? – for vincent van gogh ’ s decision to cut off his ear has remained unknown for more than a century . she immediately moved back to holland , where she set up a small guest house . “the most beautiful paintings are those one dreams of while smoking a pipe in one ’ s bed , ” he wrote .
) , the ranking republican on the ethics committee , issued a public statement accusing democrats of “stalling ” the resolution of the rangel and waters matters . they have been frustrated with rangel and waters ever since they both rejected attempts to negotiate punishments and avoid a public trial . joel hefley ( r-colo. rep. charles rangel ( d-n.y. ) made this past weekend . jo bonner ( r-ala. ) and maxine waters ( d-calif. in his public statement , bonner specifically took issue with comments house majority leader steny hoyer ( d-md.
for example , one of the more unusual emails unearthed by the sierra club was a request from pruitt ' s scheduler to dan cathy , the chief executive of chick-fil-a . [ scott pruitt ’ s $ 25,000 soundproof phone booth ? diana degette ( d-colo. it lasted five minutes . ) . “it ’ s necessary for me to be able to do my job. now the group is making its move against his successor , acting administrator andrew wheeler . “cabinet-level officials need to have access to secure communications , ” the then-administrator testified in december .
“it ’ s a hot-button issue and not just because of the movie jaws , ” he said . ” after the attack , the shark surfaced between him and his son , he said . “i have deep puncture wounds on both of my legs that required stitches . “don ’ t be an easy meal. people should stay away from seals. ” mr. a denver man chewed by a great white shark monday vowed he will take to the waters off ballston beach on cape cod again — but maybe with a bit more care .
johnson , who urged an end to violence in oakland after gunfire killed his son and grandson as they slept three years ago became ... “he didn ’ t mess with nobody , he was like a big teddy bear . a shooter fired into a relative ' s home in the middle of the night , killing the sleeping pair . this undated photo provided by sherri lyn miller shows melvin johnson , who was shot and killed tuesday , dec. the killings of thomas and his son have not been solved , and up to $ 30,000 in reward money remains for information leading to the arrest of their killer .
photos : ' el chapo ' in prison photos : ' el chapo ' in prison joaquin " el chapo " guzman stands in his cell at the altiplano federal prison in mexico . guzman ' s lawyer jose refugio rodriguez said the move is " illegal " because his defense team has launched " processes to stop him being transferred from one place to another . mexico did not warn the us authorities before guzman ' s transfer , a us government official told afp . the images in this gallery were obtained by mexican journalist carlos loret de mola .
their case was built on that dna evidence , including franklin ' s saliva on many of his victims ' breasts , along with ballistic evidence and the testimony of a surviving victim . " i want to remember the sweet little girl who had her whole life in front of her , " she said . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . " lonnie david franklin jr. " he did it over , and over , and over , and over and over , and over , " deputy district attorney beth silverman told jurors during closing arguments .
" she was a cute little baby , i just didn ' t know if that was my daughter or not , " said price , who has never taken a paternity test relating to her ex-girlfriend ' s youngest child.court records obtained by eyewitness news show child protective services are concerned with a number of issues relating to thompson and her boyfriend . cps says it will continue talking with the three children . early next year . the attorney for the children says both three-year-olds are in one home and the five-year-old is in another . so today that judge agreed .
" in light of shell ' s announcement , the amount of acreage already under lease and current market conditions , it does not make sense to prepare for lease sales in the arctic in the next year and a half , " interior secretary sally jewell said in a statement . it comes after oil giant royal dutch shell last month stopped its arctic activity citing " disappointing " tests . u.s. backs away from offshore arctic drilling enlarge this image toggle caption elaine thompson/ap elaine thompson/ap the u.s. government is backing away from arctic offshore oil and gas drilling on two fronts .
that ' s about it , " jim steinle , kate ' s father , told the san francisco chronicle . a jury on thursday found garcia ... " jose ines garcia zarate had been deported five times and was wanted for a sixth deportation when the shooting happened . and in a statement friday , the white house called on congress to secure the border , " provide the resources story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigration . — donald j.
two rare sumatran tiger cubs snuggle and nurse with their mother at the smithsonian ’ s national zoo in washington , d.c. he patiently waited for it to get right up to the edge instead of lunging for it . damai gave birth to the first cub around 6 : 15 p.m. and the second around 8 : 23 p.m. keepers have been monitoring the cubs and both appear healthy . they most likely will not be on exhibit until late fall . there ’ s something really happening. her appetite declined . ” saffoe said . sukacita joined in , and
if privacy were so important , you might expect the overall campaign to be “pro-privacy ” rather than just “anti-corporate ” or “anti-tech. what is the cheapest placebo that can help us address the control problem ? watch a report on the incident from wjla below . according to police , around 3 p.m. on wednesday a man entered the classroom and attempted to place cowen under citizen ’ s arrest . yet i never see those critics go after other sources of privacy violations , such as say the friends and acquaintances who gossip behind our backs .
" in view of the financial position of the company and withdrawal of that equity offer the directors were left with no choice but to appoint administrators , " said mr duffy . it has a sizeable estate . blockbuster celebrated by tweeting the following this morning : as to how the customer would go about returning the seth rogen-james franco apocalyptic lovefest , that ' s still unclear . learn more story_separator_special_tag image caption barratts first went into administration in 2009 high street shoe chain barratts and dvd rental chain blockbuster have both gone into administration , putting more than 3,000 uk and irish jobs at risk .
a tweaked version of that bill was reintroduced in 2013. " he left the military in 2003 and has been working since then in the civilian security industry , " the publisher ' s website said . she also said that " the cuckoo ' s calling " is being reprinted and that the edition will state that story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) -- " harry potter " creator j.k. rowling donned an invisibility cloak of her own for her new novel . jeffrey trachtenberg reports on lunch break . 1 at barnes &amp; noble inc. photo : getty images .
mayor rahm emanuel on monday won praise from some representatives of chicago ' s immigrant community for going to court to block president donald trump ' s department of justice from withholding some police grant funding from so-called sanctuary cities . “they have demonstrated an open hostility to enforcing laws designed to protect law enforcement — federal , state , and local — and reduce crime , and instead have adopted an official policy of protecting criminal aliens who prey on their own residents . those applications are due sept. chicago police superintendent eddie johnson pushed back against the attorney general ' s portrayal .
great white . he ’ s just racing a simulation of a shark . michael phelps vs. [ 7 unanswered questions about sharks ] michael phelps wears the lunocet swim fin and a phantom suit , both of which are designed to help him race story_separator_special_tag michael phelps races shark and the winner is ... great white " after weeks of anticipation for the man-against-beast event . ! ! ” said frank costa . i ’ m mad . biggest scam of 2017. the problem ? sort of . but even with these accessories , can phelps beat a great white shark ( carcharodon carcharias ) , a fish that can swim upwards of 25 mph ( 40 km/h ) ?
three of the players were team starters prior to the filing of charges . on thursday , the middlesex county prosecutor ' s office announced barnwell , peele , gross and stephenson were charged with aggravated assault , riot and conspiracy to commit a riot for a fight in april that left a man with a broken jaw . — rutgers has dismissed the five football players who were suspended earlier this week following their arrests . contributing : associated press investigators arrived at the hale center football training facility on aug. it was not clear if head football coach kyle flood was among them , the sources added .
daphne merkin ’ s relationship to woody allen is disclosed and is a part of the story , as is soon-yi ’ s reason for speaking out now . " many on social media were quick to criticize . " she also gushes over allen in her book the fame lunches , noting that she wrote him a letter in her early 20s and that " i had fixed on [ allen ] as my alter ego " and that " he was the perfect non-celebrity for a non-groupie like me . https://t.co/onepw6ghm7 — yashar ali we hope people will read it for themselves .
greek media have reported that the country ' s leaders are discussing possible layoffs of contractors in the public sector , a cap on pensions , cuts in welfare benefits , reductions in tax exemptions , and lower salaries for public employees as well as raising the retirement age by a year to make up the shortfall in savings . i cannot see that there is still scope for further concessions . " near-bankrupt greece is fighting an increasingly desperate battle to convince skeptical european union and international monetary fund lenders it has turned over a new leaf and is ready to push through long-delayed reforms to overhaul its recession-hit economy .
utah ' s law is directed to the woman herself and that ' s what makes it different and dangerous . perhaps you could start issuing " conception certificates " to women who get pregnant ? however the charges were dropped because , at the time , under utah state law a woman could not be prosecuted for attempting to arrange an abortion , lawful or unlawful . [ ... according lynn m. the standard is so broad , bird says , " the bill passed by the utah legislature would change that . given that 15-20 % of recognized pregnancies end in miscarriage , 80 % of those in the first trimester , utah could have a lot of work ahead .
and we ' re camped outside waiting for reactions from both sides . : donde esta lindsay ? live : lindsay lohan -- the long walk home lindsay lohan ' s court hearing is over ... : it looks like she ' s getting fitted for her bracelet now . we ' re told she ' s still inside the courtroom where she and her lawyer are talking to the judge and filling out paperwork related to the scram bracelet . stay tuned ... will lindsay take a few questions ? story_separator_special_tag uploaded by hollywoodtv on exclusive video shot by hollywood.tv in beverly hills with lindsay lohan on may 23rd , 2010.
” mr. “the problem is implementation , and finding the political will. sharif swept to victory in the may 11 election in part on the appeal of slogans promising to deliver a “shining pakistan ” and to “end the darkness. ( reporting by nick macfie ; editing by robert birsel ) now he has just six . electricity officials and the police , fearing retribution , dare not cut them off . awan owns a small marble factory . corruption is notorious in the private power sector , where political supporters win lucrative contracts , often at inflated costs or story_separator_special_tag collection of photos that made the news or caught our eye this week .
the young men also spray-painted penises in several places around the church , including on a piano in the chapel , above the word “god ” in a hallway , and in a stairwell where they also painted the word “trump , ” authorities said , shupe said . ( nati harnik/ap ) northwestern university ' s alice millar chapel was vandalized after hours friday . university officials estimated the damage to be more than $ 300 . i mean to upset them. what , me racist ? new york daily news front pages on the presidential election “i don ' t know if any of you know how lucky you are to be at northwestern university.
one of his daughters , thelma janes , said she ' s in " absolute shock " to learn about the existence of a half-sister . in an interview from her home in eeklo , belgium , heene told cbc news she was sure herbert hellyer was indeed her father . family . they had a short but beautiful relationship , but it wasn ’ t meant to be , because he was called to the front . a while later , my mother met another man , julien , and married him . today i am 71 years old and i have been trying to find my biological father for all my life , without results .
that is the smell of space . " it ' s like something i haven ' t ever smelled before , but i ' ll never forget it , " nasa astronaut kevin ford said from orbit in 2009 . the odor clings to their suit , helmet , gloves and tools . discovery?s seven-astronaut crew is in the middle of a 13-day mission to deliver fresh supplies and new science gear to the space station . you know how those things stick with you. barely applies . he added . some have already been there for months , so the term ?rookie ?
, gahler said . gahler said deputies are working to establish a timeline of the shooting . the shooting in perryman , an unincorporated area of the county near aberdeen , was one of three to erupt in u.s. workplaces in the space of 24 hours and came less than a year after a gunman killed three fellow employees at another harford county business . , gahler said , and police and emergency personnel arrived just over five minutes later . " moseley has no prior criminal record . law enforcement officers paired up with medics , rendered first aid
“it ’ s crazy , right ? there were no signs of forced entry into the museum , in queens , and authorities had no leads . on sunday , the nypd released the surveillance video and asked for the public ’ s assistance in identifying the woman . meanwhile , sources confirm the museum security alarm was set that night , but it never went off . morgan suggested that it could all be some kind of performance art – “a reaction to the performance art that she ’ s seeing. please try again later .
trump ’ s “blame both sides ” rhetoric ; overnight , antifa — and its assumed synonym , “alt-left ” — have become right-wing shibboleths , right there with “social justice warrior ” and “liberal snowflake. in mr. but that doesn ’ t mean we shouldn ’ t worry . muscularity is prized . they do not advocate a positive doctrine , racial or otherwise . there ’ s not even a consensus among adherents as to whether to pronounce the term an-tee-fah or an-tee-fah . chomsky considers them unprincipled , outnumbered and outgunned , as well as a distraction from practical tasks .
more than 200 women in 40 states have joined a class action lawsuit against wen by chaz dean and its infomercial owner guthy-renker because they allege that wen ' s cleanser is making them go bald , the daily beast reports . ” but the cult favorite products have also attracted controversy . according to court papers , nurse practitioner amy friedman bought the wen sweet almond mint basic kit in january of 2014 for $ 29.95 , and within two weeks “began losing substantial and abnormal amounts of hair. " it ’ s like using lotion to wash your hair , so instead of removing the product , when you rinse it off , it just becomes impacted in your hair follicle .
the 18-year-old hernandez was recently identified through fingerprints , los angeles county coroner ' s spokesman ed winter said friday . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . story_separator_special_tag file - in this april 30 , 1992 file photo los angeles police form a line to prevent a crowd from going into a building in a day of fires and looting in los angeles . ___ follow michael balsamo on twitter at http://twitter.com/mikebalsamo1 . after more than 25 years , authorities ...
players , the complaint said that the n.h.l . , a brain the nhl did not immediately respond to a request for comment . that says the league “intentionally created , fostered and promoted a culture of extreme violence. pittsburgh penguins captain sidney crosby , the game ' s most popular player and face of the nhl , missed large chunks of two seasons as he slowly recovered from concussion symptoms . similar to suits brought by retired n.f.l . over many years and mentioning movies that celebrated fighting in hockey . the plaintiffs in the suit are the former players dan lacouture , 36 ; dan keczmer , 45 ; jack carlson , 59 ; richard brennan , 41 ; brad maxwell , 56 ; michael peluso , 48 ; tom younghans , 61 ; allan rourke , 34 ; and scott bailey , 41.
it was back in february that there was an outcry that the actress , at the time reveling in the oscar buzz around ' precious , had been left off of vanity fair ' s hollywood cover in what some called ' the white issue . she gets a uniquely awkward cropped shot . elle clearly couldn ’ t handle sidibe ’ s real skin color , and traded away her actual color for something dramatically lighter . this is how it looks . annie on twitter : @ewanniebarrett story_separator_special_tag gabourey sidibe has landed her first fashion magazine cover , kind of .
what about " girlfriend intervention , " a new show that ' s basically " queer eye for the straight guy " but instead of gay men it ' s black women and instead of straights it ' s whites ? birth is actually just how human beings arrive on the planet , thanks . ” even with the safety measures in place , however , jaekle insists born in the wild “doesn ’ t make any sense. sandy hook truthers are crazy . hilarity to ensue . and while the couple will choose the birthing location , the production will remain within a certain radius of a hospital should complications arise .
" according to the lse ' s student newspaper , the beaver , the game played was a nazi-themed version of the drinking game ring of fire . it made me extremely upset . " there is simply no context for what has happened here . being in the athletics union is about being a team , behaving with respect to our team-mates and athletics union peers and representing our union and our university . we do not tolerate antisemitism or any other form of racism . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
china typically imports from brazil at this time of year before switching to the u.s. that ' s why he , and his company rivada networks , advocate a wholesale model for allocating spectrum , similar to how the electricity market works . that comes as china gears up to enact retaliatory tariffs against american farm goods in response to president trump ’ s pledge to slap fees on some products from the asian country . this hits their profits and therefore their ability to invest in innovation . , average cash prices fell to about $ 7.87 a bushel this week , the lowest in almost a decade , according to an index compiled by the minneapolis grain exchange .
it was a baby , a girl . " that ' s when the child ' s father came and picked it up . “the family says it wasn ’ t aware of the pregnancy. " the baby was later taken to the local hospital . i was dumbstruck. fernando de noronha island , 370km ( 230 miles ) from the city of natal , has about 3,000 residents but no maternity wards . surprise birth the woman is believed to be aged 22. expectant mothers are requested to travel to the mainland . sea turtles , dolphins , whales and rare birds are frequently observed there .
“i think the most important thing that the democrats could do is allow bob mueller to complete his work , ” panetta said sunday on abc ’ s “this week with george stephanopoulos , ” referencing mueller ’ s work as special counsel for the justice department and his role in the ongoing investigation into russia ’ s part in the 2016 presidential election . " she was direct ... washington ( cnn ) two former friends of sen. john mccain john sidney mccainovernight defense : officials rush to deny writing anonymous op-ed &#124; lawmakers offer measure on naming nato headquarters after mccain &#124; us , india sign deal on sharing intel democrats up the ante in kavanaugh hearings lawmakers introduce resolution to back naming nato headquarters after mccain more ( r-ariz.
he ' s kind of black , but he ' s not really , like , the guy you want to hang out with because he ' s off to something else . " parker later story_separator_special_tag at a time when starting quarterbacks of color are hardly a rarity in the nfl , racial issues haven ’ t gone away . nonetheless , i hope that our men and for that matter , my own kids , will never beg for authenticity from someone who can only talk about the things that other people have the courage to do .
firefighters say that the death toll from a fire that ... " officials said more than 1,000 people may have been in the club , possibly exceeding its legal capacity . the tragedy , in a packed venue in one of brazil ' s most prosperous states , comes as the country scrambles to improve safety , security and logistical shortfalls ahead of the 2014 world cup soccer tournament and the 2016 olympics , both intended to showcase the economic advances and first-world ambitions of latin america ' s largest nation . ( associated press ) police maj. a welding accident reportedly set off a dec.
that ' s echo-location , " atkinson said . they ' re using a series of calls and whistles to communicate . “[ it ’ s a matter of ] the sheer amount of effort j35 is expending with maintaining the calf in tow and also diving down as it sinks to pick it back up , " explains cottrell . she trailed slightly behind the main j-pod , but was accompanied by her immediate family . ' s endangered killer whale population that has been balancing her dead calf on her nose near san juan island , wash.
there is a fund to help 9/11 workers who developed health problems as a result of their work at the site , but megna ' s kidney ailment isn ' t on its list of covered illnesses . " on a hot monday afternoon , megna fielded phone calls from reporters interested in his story while the truck from his former scrap-metal business – " scrapman mike " – stood in the driveway . although along with his two brothers , megna , then a pompton lakes police officer , searched the debris pile and ruined buildings nearby for three weeks .
the first update in nearly 30 years to u.s. guidelines for the diagnosis of alzheimer ' s disease expands the definition to include patients with earlier stage symptoms and recognizes the condition as being on a continuum rather than just end-stage dementia . alzheimer ' s is thought to affect some 5.4 million americans . in recent years , several clinical trials of experimental treatments that have reached late-stage testing have been disappointing . such indicators could also be useful in identifying subjects for research studies . earlier diagnosis would enable patients to make plans about their lives when they are better equipped to make such decisions .
ceglia ' s 2010 lawsuit claims that he and facebook founder mark zuckerberg in 2003 signed a software development contract that included a provision entitling ceglia to half-ownership of facebook in exchange for $ 1,000 in startup money for zuckerberg ' s then-fledgling idea . ceglia also is represented by attorney paul argentieri of hornell . his previous plea was not guilty . 28. he submitted his detailed reasons privately to the judge . he ' s scheduled to appear in manhattan federal court on wednesday , nov. " ceglia , who was arrested and first charged in a criminal complaint last month , is also accused of creating fake e-mails and destroying evidence in the case against him .
at the pul-e-kandahari , or kandahar bridge in kabul , police were ordered to advance toward one group of hundreds of protesters who were throwing stones and shouting " death to american slaves " at police . ( associated press ) policemen chase after protesters following a rally against a once-planned quran burning in the u.s. 11 terror attacks . the protest was held after reports of ... 15 , 2010. the protesters earlier gathered in the west of the capital , burning tires and blocking a main highway link to the south . the protesters scattered , some sheltering in nearby houses in the mainly ethnic pashtun and tajik area of kabul .
webley and palmer are in top form . " to the folky " you only want me ' cause you want my sister , " to the power ballad " my space " ( which is indeed about myspace , which features an impressive guest line up . it isn ' t going to be for everyone , like webley and palmer ' s solo work . she ' s really interested in graphic novels . after a few listens , i found myself immersed in the sad and strange world of the neville sisters . evelyn evelyn ' s version is stripped down to just palmer and webley trading broken down vocals over soft ukulele accompaniment .
" if you shoot that dog and he dies , that ' s murder of a law enforcement officer , " dimola pressed rosier on nov. also , fleischman says he ' ll return to the assertions he made during his closing arguments thursday : there ' s insufficient evidence to find his client guilty beyond a reasonable doubt , regardless of the defendant ' s confession and gps ankle monitor records showing rosier was inside boody ' s home on the night of the crimes . the end result : a guilty verdict on the felony counts of cruelty to animals with a firearm , burglary of a dwelling with a firearm and shooting into a building .
“we ’ re working on a plan for daca , ” trump said as he left the white house on thursday for a trip to survey hurricane damage in florida . , leaves a meeting with speaker of the house paul ryan , r-wis. ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — the top house and senate democrats said wednesday they had reached agreement with president donald trump to protect thousands of younger immigrants from deportation and fund some border security enhancements — not including trump ' s long-sought border wall . story_separator_special_tag house minority leader nancy pelosi , d-calif.
i got their entire user base , ” raja bhatia wrote noel biderman , ceo of avid life media , ashley madison ’ s parent company , and rizwan jiwan , the company ' s chief operating officer . he also indicated that he had the ability to alter records in the database . the cache of emails leaked from biderman on nov. “i am pretty sure we stored passwords without any cryptography so a database leak would expose all account credentials . if bhatia did in fact hack nerve.com and exfiltrate its database , he could be criminally charged with unauthorized access under the computer fraud and abuse act .
spanier was paid $ 2.9 million in 2011-12 , including $ 1.2 million in severance pay and $ 1.2 million in deferred compensation . merten retired from george mason last june after 16 years as president . according to the chronicle report , the median total compensation for the presidents of public research universities was $ 441,392 , up 4.7 percent from the previous year ’ s $ 421,395 . machen of the university of florida ( $ 834,562 ) ; and francisco g. mr. he is known for prodigious fund-raising energy , which has brought the university more than $ 1.6 billion since he took the post , and for the lavish lifestyle his job supports , including a rent-free mansion with an elevator , a pool and a tennis court and flights on private jets .
" for years people have been asking ' why is stonehenge where it is? that has now been confirmed and on thursday it was recognised by the guinness book of records . at the time , jaques expressed confidence that evidence would prove it was britain ' s oldest settlement . it was previously considered that thatcham in berkshire held the distinction but researchers from the university of buckingham are certain we need to look 40 miles west , to the parish of amesbury , in wiltshire , which also includes stonehenge . " they may have had the equivalent of local guides and there would have been feasting , " he added .
monday ' s searches for mittendorff , who is a firefighter and paramedic with fairfax county fire and rescue , will concentrate in the region of white oak canyon trail , where her vehicle was discovered . her family says she would often go to shenandoah national park to run . the circuit hike is about 9 miles . allow 7 or 8 hours . we want to be sure that your experience is not marred by an accident or health issue that could be prevented with good planning . take at least 2 quarts of water per person .
buildings that are lightweight or lack a basement are more easily penetrated by radioactive dust . dillon is working to assess the distribution of adequate shelters across the united states , and says that his preliminary results suggest that , as a whole , the country is well equipped with adequate shelters within 15 minutes of many households . , conducted mathematical analyses based on existing data on the threats induced by small-scale nuclear explosions to streamline rules people can abide by to protect themselves from fallout . “these methods are intended to assist emergency planning officials in the development of an optimal low-yield nuclear detonation response strategy , ” wrote dillon .
“the syrian observatory for human rights has documented the execution by the islamic state of 1,878 people in syria between june 28 when it announced its ‘caliphate ” and december 27 , ” the group said in a statement . on dec. four other islamic state fighters were killed on other charges , abdulrahman said . isis often records such killings on video and posts footage on the internet , which experts say is meant to sow fear among civilians and rival groups , as well as to attract new recruits . 930 out of 1175 are from al- shaitaat tribe in the eastern countryside of deir ezzor .
bush was the last american president to serve in world war ii , a fight that helped shape his life and the lives of many in his generation . and i ’ ll say to them : read my lips . charles tasnadi/associated press 1 of 20 • • • • • 1 of 20 show caption mr. he died on friday at age 94. no new taxes. george h.w . ” august 1974 , speaking to president richard nixon shortly before he resigned , when bush was republican national chairman . bush , arriving from a day trip to columbia , s.c.
an israeli official said it appeared the teenagers were shot soon after their abduction . israel pm benyamin netanyahu said : " hamas is responsible and hamas will pay . their bodies were found by soldiers and volunteers in a valley covered with stones and brush on monday afternoon . israel launched more than 30 air strikes on the gaza strip overnight . israel named two suspects as ayoub al-kawasma and abu aisheh . eyal yifrah , 19 , gilad shaar , 16 , and naftali frenkel , 16 , who also had us citizenship , went missing while hitchhiking home from their religious schools in settlements on the west bank on 12 june .
given that fruits , vegetables , and nuts , key components of the mediterranean diet , have well known antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects , and that telomere length is affected by both of these processes , we hypothesized that greater adherence to the mediterranean diet would be associated with longer telomere length . foods rich in vitamins appear to provide a buffer against stress and damage of tissues and cells . 7 telomeres prevent the loss of genomic dna at the ends of linear chromosomes and in turn protect their physical integrity . the researchers from boston followed the health of nearly 5,000 nurses over more than a decade .
" there is a possibility that murkowski could run on the libertarian ticket in the november general election if she loses the republican primary . lisa murkowski and joe miller . " you know we are concerned , " he said . miller said in a thursday interview that he expects to maintain his lead with the help of military absentee voters . al franken ( d ) against then-sen. frank murkowski , who was unseated by palin in 2006. they have also portrayed the election as another potential victory for a tea party-backed candidate , a group which democrats have said is outside the mainstream .
a range of human-related factors also influence the development of the social behaviour expressed by cats towards people [ 34 ] , [ 35 ] . it seems that what we interpret as separation anxiety might actually be signs of frustration. the carer being perceived as a focus of safety and security in otherwise threatening environments ) , and has been adapted for cats with a similar claim made . they reported that cats only played in the presence since data were not normally distributed , non-parametric analyses were used on those behaviours shown to be reliable across the two versions of the test ( which excluded much cat behaviour ) .
people are treated after being struck by a vehicle on red river street in downtown austin , texas , on wednesday march 12 , 2014. a bystander and a police officer tend to police say two people were confirmed dead at the scene after a ... photo : courtesy image 2 of 54 rashad charjuan owens of killeen is seen in an undated booking mug provided march 13 , 2014 by the bell county sheriff department . coincidence ? well .... if you don ’ t like depeche mode you should seek medical advice . we think not .
but then he hummed . some speculated that it sounded like the start of the west wing theme , while itv ’ s political editor , robert peston , suggested that it was a winnie the pooh-style ditty . this article is over 2 years old british prime minister can be heard humming a couple of notes to himself as he walks back to number 10 after confirming he will resign on wednesday david cameron hums a merry tune as he hands over to theresa may british prime minister david cameron was heard humming a tune as he walked back into no 10 on monday , minutes after announcing that he would resign as prime minister on wednesday afternoon .
leonardo dicaprio will star in the long-in-development “the devil in the white city ” with martin scorsese directing for paramount , sources confirm . he ’ s also writing twilight zone for appian way at warner bros. larson is repped by apa and david black literary agency . holmes , who murdered between 27 and 200 people , mostly single young women . the sociopath used charm and guile to lure guests into what became known as a “murder castle , ” a haunt that had a gas chamber , crematorium and a dissecting table where holmes would murder his victims and strip their skeletons to sell for medical and scientific study .
when asked why she wanted to see him , thompson said she and tebow were in a relationship . tim tebow was the designated hitter . close a woman was arrested for trespassing in port st. 28 , robert kasdon , the mets vice president of security , reported thompson had ignored the warning and was back on the property . already have an account ? about 5 p.m. feb. lucie county . thompson was told to return to her vehicle and leave the area . ( photo : molly bartels/treasure coast newspapers ) tebow , a former university of florida and nfl quarterback and heisman trophy winner , said after friday ' s game against the houston astros he feels safe at first data field , especially as someone who likes to interact with fans .
on wednesday jointly unveiled a new smartphone they developed together running on a new version of the android operating system as the south korean company pushes out new models in its attempt to gain more ground in the highly competitive and litigious smartphone market . sound familiar ? story_separator_special_tag article excerpt hong kong -- samsung electronics co. 14. and google inc. apple ' s cloud service suite is made up of many different parts and systems , and while it ' s great when it works , it also has a history of being prone to hard-to-diagnose outages and , for developers , obscure error messages .
it is rated r. “not only is there nothing violent in love is strange , there ’ s not even anything explicit . comic-book sequel sin city : a dame to kill for features scenes of prostitution , extreme violence , nudity and drug use . if they want to watch a delicate , realistic story about two men in a long-term relationship , they will have a similar problem . ” other i think i just answered my own question. that day , " jersey shore massacre " also reaches theaters . ostensibly , the film was given the rating for “strong language , ” as it apparently exceeds the mpaa ’ s minuscule limit for curse words , though any audience member would be hard-pressed to remember a single instance of one being used in the sony pictures classics release .
it is having a boom , and the modern world is increasingly reliant on it — using it to stabilise batteries in phones , computers and electric cars ; in fact , it is probably in the device you are using right now . " yannick said cobalt mining has not happened at any sort of scale in the united states for decades . as miners , we ' re behind . " children are sometimes working 12 hours or more , " she said . " miners like us have never actually gone looking for cobalt , " he says .
a representative for zoocheck said that the zoo could face charges under the ontario society for the prevention of cruelty to animals act , especially given the zoo ’ s history . fully grown , they can reach over four feet in height and can weigh as much as 140 pounds – they also look like large guinea pigs . but the high park capybaras have clearly found a way to make do in urban toronto . #highparkcapybara taking a morning dip ! the capybara ( hydrochoerus hydrochaeris ) is native to semi-tropical areas of south america , from venezuela on down to argentina .
groupon will offer it for $ 950 , officials said . " there are all kinds of factors in the k-12 world that are really discouraging teachers and people seeking teaching degrees , " zivin said . " story_separator_special_tag a private , chicago-based institution will be the first to put forth a deeply discounted deal on tuition via groupon . prospective students will need to go through the school ' s regular admissions process to take further courses . michigan ave. " this is the first time an academic university has used the website as an effort to boost student interest , said julie mossler , groupon ' s communications director.the course , tailored for people with no exposure or experience with teaching , is specifically structured for the groupon deal and is open to anybody with an undergraduate degree , she said .
” trump also drew comparisons to the obama administration ’ s action on iraqi refugees . " the president fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion , " said kevin lewis , spokesman for the former president , in a statement . 27 that bars syrian refugees from entering the u.s. indefinitely and bars all other refugees for 120 days , and keeps out visitors for 90 days from seven predominately muslim countries : iraq , syria , iran , sudan , libya , somalia and yemen . trump , jan.
last year ’ s crime rate was still lower than in 2012 and earlier years , the fbi found . washington ( reuters ) - violent crime in the united states increased in 2015 but remained far below peak levels of the 1990s , the federal bureau of investigation said on monday as presidential candidates hillary clinton and donald trump prepared for a debate that is likely to focus on public safety . “i don ’ t want us as a country to go backwards. rates of rape , assault and property crime were dramatically higher as well .
customers who normally use the uber smartphone app to call for a ride will be able to request a flu shot -- and a nurse in an uber car will show up at their home or office in about three dozen cities across the country . though experts say vaccination is the single best way to prevent the spread of influenza , only 30 percent of adults ages 18-49 get inoculated , according to the centers for disease control and prevention . convenience and accessibility are often cited as barriers . you ’ re not alone . so work colleagues can split the cost among themselves .
she said : “after i lost the baby i went out with friends and had a bottle and a half of although the mother of now three was thrilled to have her newborn survive , she was concerned about the doctors ’ oversight — the possible effect her medical abortion could have had on her newborn . “you are not going to believe it , we ’ ve got a heartbeat , ” hui recalled . someone had been looking over us. a complete abortion will occur within four to 24 hours of using misoprostol in the privacy of their home for most patients .
" we ' ve made a decision that the syrian opposition coalition is now inclusive enough , is reflective and representative enough of the syrian population that we consider them the legitimate representative of the syrian people in opposition to the assad regime , " obama said . alluding view all new york times newsletters . please try again later . invalid email address . thank you for subscribing . an error has occurred . but until mr. obama ’ s move was too little , too late . assad has clung to power despite gains by rebel fighters .
brxpug/twitter the teenager who had his " make america great again " hat stolen and a drink thrown in his face at a whataburger on wednesday appears to have responded to the incident on instagram . warning : the video contains graphic language . don ’ t let a few left bullies stop you from showing your #maga ! the video has been viewed more than 2 million times and sparked outrage online . disgraceful ... her video was since removed or changed to a private setting . trump jr. , the president ' s eldest son .
" he spent the next 37 years on the lam . authorities say jones obtained a fraudulent florida driver ' s license in 1981 and used the name bruce walter keith . barry golden , a senior inspector with the us marshals service in miami , which coordinated the investigation that led to jones arrest , described his initial escape nearly four decades ago as " very elaborate . leavenworth . he had been living at a home in deerfield beach since at least 2005. " i knew it would catch up to me one day , " jones reportedly told law enforcement .
rand paul of kentucky blasted trump ' s decision to launch strikes . a second risk is that mr. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ( 0045 gmt ) friday morning and targeted the base ' s airstrips , hangars , control tower and ammunition areas , u.s. officials said . assad pay a price for acts of barbarism wears off . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
frankie ( ilana glazer ) , a lesbian and full-time activist , organizes protests faster than she can get people to show up for them , and blair ( zoë kravitz ) , who is frankie ’ s former lover , is in the thick of a divorce and child-custody battle . does this really represent what hollywood thinks most — or even just many or some — women really want from big-screen entertainment ? duh and duh . comedy is the second time the dead stripper in penis sunglasses falls off a jet ski. but they ’ ve grown up — sort of .
station , sometimes for hours a day . zhang has said yes , he ’ s worked hard , he ’ s completed his assignments , so i stand by the work he ’ s done , ” aguilera said . closet last november , a nonprofit called transparent california reported that a bart janitor named liang zhao zhang made $ 271,000 in a single year — over $ 162,000 of that in the form of overtime . “super human ! bart employees are normally given 30 minutes for lunch , although bart doesn ' t track their breaks .
on august 3 , 2012 rights equal rights launched a global boycott of amway / alticor and all its divisions and family owned businesses because of its president and company owner doug devos ’ s $ 500,000 contribution to the national organization ( nom ) for marriage . chick-fil-a chick-fil-a ceo dan cathy ignited a controversy in a radio interview last week when he publicly denounced gay marriage . " i pray god ' s mercy on our generation that has such a prideful , arrogant attitude to think that we have the audacity to define what marriage is about .
" you believe robert wagner murdered natalie wood ? perkins , who died recently at 84 , was one of the founding members of caa , one of hollywood ’ s largest and most powerful talent agencies . story_separator_special_tag natalie wood in january 1979 . " mcgraw asked him on friday . download the us weekly iphone app now ! wood disappeared from the yacht under circumstances that remain murky . ( photo : ap ) her death was initially ruled accidental drowning ; in 2012 , it was changed to drowning plus " undetermined factors . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites .
thanks @southpark for setting off my google home . well , it is south park . was this done on purpose ? who else ’ s alexa ’ s keep going off every time cartman says something on the alexa during this south park episode #southpark21 pic.twitter.com/strwntst23 — kenny eaton ( @kenny_623 ) september 14 , 2017 we have an alexa and a google home and south park repeatedly screwed with both of them tonight . and another posted video of the incident . of course , hilarity — or headaches , depending on your point of view — ensued .
he told her he was glad she was on the crew because she was “sexy ” and had “a nice ass , ” she said . tooke wrote . news of this investigation comes as the forest service is dealing with allegations of a broader culture of harassment and retaliation within its ranks , as detailed in an investigation published by the pbs newshour this week . we take very seriously the responsibility to promote a safe , respectful and rewarding work environment for all employees. according to the department ’ s spokesman , mr. tooke had relationships with subordinates before his appointment to the top role .
friedman said he looked forward to carrying out his duties from " the u.s. embassy in israel ' s eternal capital , jerusalem , " even though the embassy is in tel aviv . trump on thursday named david m. both bill clinton and george w. _ follow julie pace at http://twitter.com/jpacedc washington — president-elect donald j. mr. like some of his predecessors , trump has vowed to move the american embassy to jerusalem , a politically charged act that would anger palestinians who want east jerusalem as part of their sovereign territory .
the exchange was further prompted by the woman ' s son who encouraged the victim to text his mother because " she is obsessed with you , " police said in court documents . on sept. a delaware grand jury handed up a nine-count indictment against shattuck on monday , and it was unsealed wednesday . paul shavack . 3 for a case review , maurer said . she was also required to turn in her passport , officials said . the mcdonogh school issued a statement wednesday saying that administrators contacted police in late september as soon as they learned of allegations involving a student and a parent of another student .
sheen the night of the incident . anderson was not immediately available for comment on the suit . adult film star capri anderson was with charlie sheen the night of his breakdown in a new york city hotel room , and now she ' s telling her story.in an interview with both ' good morning america ' and abc ' s ' nightline , ' anderson recalls what happened . " ms. these allegations against mr. " the apology was very simple . he started yelling racial slurs , " she continued . " just to not talk to anybody about it and go about my business , " she said .
malaysia ' s police chief khalid abu bakar said on friday that the presence of the nerve agent had been detected in swabs taken from mr kim ' s eyes and face . there is widespread suspicion that north korea was responsible for the attack , which it fiercely denies . and in what could be seen as a threat to malaysia , the statement noted that north korea is a “nuclear weapons state. the announcement raised serious questions about public safety in a building that authorities went 11 days without decontaminating . mr kim died last week after two women accosted him briefly in a check-in hall at a kuala lumpur airport .
the recall is being expanded to include additional lot-sublot-batch codes . in conjunction with tampa bay fisheries inc. the companies are pulling the product “with an overabundance of caution , ” according to a wal-mart statement . more specific codes on stickers attached to the back of packages can be found here . 12 and dec. the upc code for the twin pack product is 6 88264 86705 0 and upc code for the 1.25 lb pack is 6 88264 86664 0. also : red vines black licorice recalled due to high levels of lead 4 million bumbo baby seats recalled after infant skull fractures peanut butter recall expands to 76 products on salmonella fears
mr lee was not present at the preliminary hearing , but his lawyer denied all charges on his behalf . the biggest point of contention will be whether samsung ’ s donations to entities led by park ’ s friend , choi soon-sil , were intended to win government backing for a controversial 2015 merger that made it easier for lee to control the samsung group chaebol . they urged special prosecutors from resorting to presumptions in handling lee ' s case.lee ' s lawyers also raised questions over the participation of former prosecutor members of the special counsel team in the court hearing , saying the tenure of the special prosecutors already expired at the end of last month.the first hearing was finished after one hour amid story_separator_special_tag the trial of samsung electronics co.
" the white house leaders released a schedule for next week that included " possible consideration " of immigration legislation . and the white house had drafted a policy statement saying the president would sign the bill . the new house proposal mirrors trump ' s own framework to increase security , curb legal immigration and shield dreamers from deportation . white house aide stephen miller , an immigration hard-liner who has been accused of trying to sabotage immigration deals in the past , told conservative lawmakers at a closed-door meeting that the president backed that plan . ( ap photo/manuel ...
in a statement after the incident , a white house spokesman said that “an unidentified individual ” had approached kavanaugh as he was preparing to leave for the confirmation hearing ’ s lunch break and that “before the judge was able to shake his hand , security had intervened ” . " pic.twitter.com/ierpdmow0h your right to self-defense depends on this vote. ’ i mean – if nothing else. i don ’ t put myself in other people ’ s heads. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . parkland students : our manifesto to change america ' s gun laws &#124; editorial staff of the eagle eye read more “i wanted to be there to make sure he understands what he ’ s being asked to do has real-world consequences , ” guttenberg said .
, lead still remains a problem in toys . " the consumer product safety commission ( cpsc ) has reviewed and explicitly defined fidget spinners as ' general use products . laboratory results indicated that two fidget spinners purchased at target and distributed by bulls i toy , l.l.c . it ' s something a mother from portland learned the hard way , and now she is trying to help other parents . story_separator_special_tag if you ' re thinking about buying your kids a fidget spinner this holiday season , you may want to think twice . while lead in toys has become less prevalent in recent years , u.s. pirg education fund tested several models of one of today ’ s hottest toys , fidget spinners , for the toxic heavy metal .
aguayo , 35 , had wrestled for 20 years and was the son of the legendary pedro " perro " aguayo , now retired and a member of the aztec lucha hall of fame . we all risk our bodies &amp; lives to entertain . ' s dad from when worlds collide main event vs. it has opened an investigation into possible manslaughter . please honor his memory . konnan . he was taken to a hospital a block away and died about 1 : 30 a.m. even though the match continued as aguayo hung listless on the ropes , commission president juan carlos pelayo said people moved immediately to check his condition .
nixon and mr. he won his stars through his tireless service to president richard m. he was widely perceived as the acting president during the final months of the nixon administration . haig told him . haig the " 37 1/2 president . haig vigorously defended the president , he realized the direness of the mounting evidence and arranged a series of meetings between nixon , his attorneys and leading members of congress to make nixon understand that his position had become untenable in the summer of 1974. retired army gen. presidents gerald r. kissinger .
” kelly ’ s second segment , not coincidentally , focused on wikileaked dnc emails to and from hillary clinton campaign chairman john podesta , aka “public policy ” material gingrich had accused kelly of not being interested in owing to her sex obsession . trump has long known ! trump ’ s surprising primary successes and emergence as an unconventional republican standard-bearer set off broad excitement . ... @newtgingrich just destroyed @megynkelly . and while some voters emphatically disputed polls suggesting that mrs. dan scavino , trumps social media director , for instance , tweeted this : .
when he ' s not shooting the furry denizens , he ' s obsessing over a letter he wrote to a woman he loved and lost . no — liam neeson , a guy even wolves should be scared of in the gripping thriller “the grey. and yet the film takes some time to let its characters ruminate , by way of dialogue , on their circumstances , which gives " the grey " a distinctly late-20th-century feel . having paid his quality biopic dues as oskar schindler , michael collins and alfred kinsey , mr. neeson has , at least for now , turned to the rougher and perhaps more lucrative work of action heroism .
" in the beginning it was said that the mafia had ordered that the pope be killed , but there is nothing to suggest that this is true , " said antonio marini , the prosecutor who handled investigations into the assassination attempt . use #newsfromelsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via twitter . " at meeting with mafia victims ' families in march , pope francis warned mafia operatives they would " end up in hell " unless they choose to repent . however , agca did visit palermo four months before he shot the pope ; and calcara recently accused a leading vatican figure and sicilian criminal exponents of recycling dirty money .
the controlled gap exists at every job level and even widens as they get further ahead . entry-level women make 2.2 percent less , while executives make 6.1 percent less . the numbers come from a survey of about 1.4 million full-time employees over the course of two years . read : gender wage story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . male-dominated jobs pay a lot more per week than female ones . “it ’ s not really a wage gap , it ’ s a jobs gap , ” says katie bardaro , payscale ’ s lead economist .
way back in 2007 , " the way , way back " was on that year ' s black list of best , unproduced scripts . signing up is easy : please take a minute to register . trent ' s out to squash any resistance to his plans to marry pam . carell should play bad guys more often . posting policy . the movie itself will roll between two worlds . but the directing debut of actors-turned-filmmakers nat faxon and jim rash ( who previously co-wrote the screenplay for alexander payne ’ s “the descendants ” ) is beautifully executed , loaded with sharp observational moments , and never cheats either its characters or its audience by descending into raunchy teen-movie cliché .
after all , megatoad is second only to joey " jaws " chestnut on mle ' s list of gustatory greats , and stonie admits that the two waste no time in eating each other ' s records . stonie told huffpost that he ' ll never lose his craving for the breakfast behemoth . " i don ' t feel that bad . 14. i ' m used to 10 or 12 minute contests , where i ' m eating 10 or 15 pounds of food . story_separator_special_tag your move , ron swanson . that ' s a lot of pig ; stonie estimates that he ate more than six pounds of cooked bacon , which sports more than 28,000 milligrams of sodium , according to smithfield , which sponsored the event in daytona , florida .
in the video , wagenhoffer says he couldn ' t sleep and blamed himself for the building collapse at 2136 market streets that killed six and injured 13 when the building collapsed onto a store on june 5. " it was my fault . a reporter makes a photograph of a makeshift memorial for kimberly j. buoyed by the discovery ... nbc10 philadelphia has learned the 52-year-old veteran philadelphia licenses &amp; inspections staffer recorded the one-minute long message for his family . a second plaintiff , linda bell , joined the lawsuit . the inspection was set to take place after center city resident stephen field complained to the city ' s 311 call center about a lack of safety equipment on workers and adequate protection of the sidewalk .
earlier today , the oscar winner was aboard a private plane when the flight was forced to make an emergency landing due to engine failure , e ! story_separator_special_tag jennifer lawrence is a lucky lady ... news . https://usat.ly/2tcnjen , where she spent time with her family , one of the plane ' s engines went out while cruising at an altitude of 31,000 feet . after leaving louisville , ky. ( photo : richard shotwell/invision/ap ) jennifer lawrence endured an eventful plane ride this weekend . despite the double-engine failure , the pilots landed the plane safely in buffalo , new york .
today ’ s misguided ruling will not deter us : our coalition will continue to fight in court for the health and well-being of all americans , " california attorney general xavier becerra said friday in response to the ruling . but with appeals ... house minority leader nancy pelosi , d-calif. buzz60 hundreds of people march through downtown los angeles protesting president donald trump ' s plan to dismantle the affordable care act , his predecessor ' s signature health care law , march 23 , 2017 . warnings about the texas lawsuit were part of the political narrative behind democrats ' electoral gains .
obama story_separator_special_tag in his showdown wednesday with bp ' s top executives , president obama will demand that they turn over a " substantial " amount of money to an independent mediator who will handle claims from people and businesses harmed by the environmental disaster , administration officials said sunday . mr. . . bp , however , fears any plan going forward that would create a potentially unlimited liability . with each trip , he has grown more critical of bp ’ s response , channeling the increasing anger and desperation of coastal residents and politicians . behind the scenes , the situation is much tenser .
harville is in graduate school in indiana and chikuni is working at georgetown college , but when the couple visits harville ' s parents in pike county , ky. " we will ... " that floored us . under robert ' s rules , such a change would require a vote of the majority of the entire membership , or a vote of two-thirds of those voting , the committee concluded . " as far as i ' m concerned and the church is concerned , this case will be closed as of tomorrow , " gulnare free will baptist church pastor stacy stepp said saturday , according to the lexington herald-leader .
the reverend ’ s comments come several days after 15-year-old hadiya pendleton was shot and killed about a mile from obama ’ s chicago home . but it appears the gunman mistook the students for members of a rival gang , he said . the shooter was last seen fleeing in a white nissan . he added that there are a number of factors that drive gun violence beyond gun laws , which are stringent in chicago . police have reported no arrests . " wrong place at the wrong time. story_separator_special_tag the rev . the wounds suffered by the boys were not life-threatening .
shares in italy ' s biggest bank , unicredit spa , fell 7.9 percent on friday , partly because of worries about the results of stress tests of the health of european banks that will be released on july 15. you must select a newsletter to subscribe to . invalid email address . please re-enter . some officials now believe that any bailout plan involving a substantial but voluntary contribution from private investors in greek debt would be declared a selective default by the bond rating agencies moody ’ s , standard &amp; poor ’ s and fitch .
mari ( facebook ) after shooting mari , radford called his ex-wife , cindy radford , to tell her he ’ d killed the attorney , according to lt. on thursday , everett said he and his colleagues discussed security at their office . “you can carry a gun . bettikofer with cartersville police . antonio b. m.e . ___ information from : the atlanta journal-constitution , http://www.ajc.com “inspirational , favorite teacher , georgia bulldog fan ; that ’ s how antonio mari ’ s former students at cass high school describe him , ” the school system posted .
story_separator_special_tag this image provided by armstrong air and space museum shows a lunar module replica at armstrong air and space museum in wapakoneta , ohio . " either they didn ' t have easy access to the moon rock , or they weren ' t into collectibles , " gutheinz said sunday . no we are simply vessels of the public trust . inside each model was a microfilm with the names of readers who contributed . three hundred people driving from across the country were robbed of their opportunity to experience the museum today . the jeweler bought back collins ' model in a 2003 auction for $ 56,000 , according to the magazine .
“we have shakespeare ’ s burial with an odd disturbance at the head end and we have a story that suggests that at some point in history someone ’ s come in and taken the skull of shakespeare . " holy trinity church vicar patrick taylor told sky news he is not so sure about the grave robbery theory . click for more from the guardian . colls and his team conducted a ground-penetrating radar ( gpr ) search using state-of-the-art technology . " shakespeare ' s grave famously bears the poetic admonition , " good friend , for jesus ’ sake forbear , / to dig the dust enclosed here .
? ( @youngblkrepub ) november 24 , 2016 before aretha franklin sang the national anthem after aretha franklin sang the national anthem pic.twitter.com/eamf1cctzb — shauna ( @goldengateblond ) november 24 learn more story_separator_special_tag add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . actually , " dramatic " might not be the best word to use to describe franklin ' s performance . happy thanksgiving ! and was granted the presidential medal of freedom . there were football jokes . no interruptions . — b. she ’ s won 20 grammy awards .
a new study by university of chicago booth school of business professor nicholas epley and ph.d. candidate juliana schroeder found that when hypothetical employers and professional recruiters listened to or read job candidates ' job qualifications , they rated the candidates as more competent , thoughtful and intelligent when they heard the pitch than when they read it — even when the words used were exactly the same . story_separator_special_tag credit : ethan , sportsuburban , flickr via creative commons . work on your voice to get your dream job . " explore further : employers often more interested in hiring potential playmates than the very best candidates
it ’ s written in spanglish , so we end up having to translate it for them , ” said adrian madriz , a health care navigator who helps with enrollment in miami . a web page with spanish instructions linked users to an english form . mirroring ... many lack health insurance and pose a lower financial risk because they are typically younger and healthier than others . sixty-five percent of east palo alto ’ s population is latino , a group seen as crucial to the success of the health law . after she couldn ’ t get the website to accept a scanned document , she called the government ’ s spanish hotline seeking help .
" he was an extraordinary mountaineer . his family settled in seattle , where he got his first taste of hiking and scrambling with the boy scouts and later the mountaineers club . he lived based on what was important to him , and he was not going to sell out . beckey will be buried in private services this weekend , bond said . " he authored more than a dozen books , including the three-volume " cascade alpine guide " that details hundreds of peaks in the north cascades in washington state . in 1954 , he established new routes on three of alaska ' s mountains : mckinley , deborah and hunter .
scientists have used the fossil record to assert that the history of life on earth began about 3.8 billion years ago , in the form of single-celled creatures . harrison ’ s research — including a 2008 study in nature he co-authored with craig manning , a professor of geology and geochemistry at ucla , and former ucla graduate student michelle hopkins — is proving otherwise . reed hutchinson/ucla . we report 12 c/ 13 c of graphite preserved in 4.1-ga zircon . the find predates other evidence of life by 300 million years . “the planet was probably much more like it is today than previously thought.
while the drug is simple , it ' s also critical to some hospital operations . with the shortage of sodium bicarbonate , hospitals are postponing surgeries and chemotherapy treatments . story_separator_special_tag peoria — a national shortage of a common drug is prompting hospitals to conserve their supply for only the most necessary applications . the food and drug administration is working with pfizer and amphastar to try to mitigate the effects of the scarcity . they speculate that it will be no earlier than june or august . there are currently 50 drugs listed in short supply . follow her on twitter @lauranight .
the manufacturing sector and its workers have been hardest hit by the growth of wal-mart ’ s imports . between 2001 and 2013 , this growing deficit eliminated or displaced 3.2 million u.s. jobs ( kimball and scott 2014 ) . china trade and u.s. job loss exports support jobs in the united states , and imports displace them . wal-mart has announced plans to create opportunities for american manufacturing by “investing in american jobs.� ? the total u.s. goods trade deficit with china reached $ 324.2 billion in 2013. the epi is headed by chairman richard l.
lamo claimed both men are working for wikileaks . “i categorically deny that i had any role in helping manning leak anything , ’ ’ the former student said in a phone interview . jacob appelbaum , who has stood in for wikileaks founder julian assange since he was advised not to travel to the us , spent three hours at a new york airport while customs officers photocopied receipts and searched his laptop , and he was again approached and questioned by fbi officers at a computer hackers conference in las vegas on saturday . asked for comment about lamo ' s allegation that men working for wikileaks assisted manning , wikileaks responded in an e-mail : " as a matter of policy , we do not discuss any matters to do with allegations relating to the identity of sources .
" i don ' t know the answer to that , " said mccain on the chris merrill show on kfyi550 on wednesday of cruz ' s eligibility . barry goldwater was born in arizona when it was a territory when he ran in 1964 . mccain famously/infamously called cruz ( and a few other tea party types ) " wacko birds " — he later apologized — and has repeatedly clashed with the texas senator over what he believes to be the latter ' s tendency to grandstand . kentucky sen. this is how . john mccain .
jeremie lovall said his daughter , a seventh-grader in the school , was in the classroom when the shooting started . , dispatchers received the call of an active shooter at noblesville west middle school , police said . jowitt said a second threat that locked down noblesville high school on friday morning is not believed to be related to this incident . it ' s just another sad day . around 11 : 10 a.m. dave bursten said . bruce barnes said . " i wish i had the answer . soon after the shooting , a hectic scene erupted outside of the middle school as parents frantically searched for their children and school officials worked to load students into buses .
a fuselage ... passengers aboard southwest flight 812 from phoenix to sacramento on friday heard a loud noise and the hole appeared suddenly at about mid cabin , forcing the pilot landed at a military base in yuma , arizona . " there was " we did our best to accommodate those passengers on other southwest flights , " king said . ( associated press ) file - copilot mimi tompkins helps a man slide down a chute of a severely damaged aloha airlines 737 jet shortly after arrival in kahului , hawaii in this april 28 , 1988 file photo .
( associated press ) the wreckage of asiana flight 214 sits on a tarmac at san francisco international airport in san francisco , thursday , july 11 , 2013. the asiana flight crashed upon investigators are struggling ... asiana airlines flight 214 from shanghai and seoul crash-landed july ... hospital officials said the girl ' s family had requested that no further information about her be revealed . s.f . dr. the flight came to a tragic ... two passengers were killed ... the chinese consul in san francisco confirmed that she was a chinese national . " and the question is whether or not she was still alive at the time .
the french government released its own version of the white house video on the paris climate accord friday , complete with what it views as corrections to the trump administration ’ s stance on the deal . pic.twitter.com/iiwmletmxj — emmanuel macron ( @emmanuelmacron ) june 1 , 2017 “we will succeed because we are fully committed . #maketheplanetgreatagain . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . economy would lose 6.5 million industrial sector jobs , including 3.1 million manufacturing sector jobs by 2040. " i know that you are a great nation .
author of 4 books including - the snowball effect - https://www.amazon.com/dp/b01lb3k75c . pm at pvg story_separator_special_tag some twitter users suspected the image was fake — but the couple said the photo is 100 % real . a second image shows the water level rising in a corner of the room .
there will be far fewer flights than normal at the start and tighter security will be in place , but the airport operator said the aim was to return to full capacity by summer . brussels airlines , belgium ' s largest carrier and 45 percent owned by lufthansa ( lhag.de ) , has estimated the closure of its brussels hub is costing it 5 million euros ( $ 5.7 million ) per day . those bombs and a separate one on a metro train in the city killed 35 people , including three bombers . planes and crews used for intercontinental flights were sent to frankfurt and zurich to maintain links with the u.s. and a number of african destinations .
the present study examined whether continuing online contact with an ex-partner through remaining facebook friends and/or engaging in surveillance of the ex-partner ' s facebook page inhibited postbreakup adjustment and growth above and beyond offline contact . and there it was : a self-portrait of him wearing a wedding ring . ( funnily enough , my married ex is thousands of miles away — and it was the internet that allowed our long-distance relationship to exist in the first place. marshall . ) it isn ’ t as easy as tearing your rotary phone from the wall . implications for social networking site usage and stalking laws are discussed .
“this report is an affirmation of what we know — that the greater mekong offers unparalleled diversity in nature — and what must be done , ” said rebecca ng of wwf ’ s greater mekong program . ” photos : 10 species near extinction wwf is calling upon them to put the benefits of biodiversity , and the costs of losing it , at the center of decision-making and regional cooperation . protecting their future wwf warns the greater mekong ’ s valuable natural assets and species will continue to disappear without accelerated efforts to green the region ’ s economies .
before that , they lived in murrieta , and before that in texas . ” uffer said he had never seen a case like this . susan von zabern , director of the riverside county department of public social services , said the county plans to go to court to get authorization to oversee and care for the children . what ’ s next ? i think they are very focused on improving the quality of their existence. cps unless they post bail , under state law they must be charged by thursday or freed from jail . the minors could be placed with relatives after background checks , she said at the news conference .
jude medical implantable cardiac pacemaker medical specialties cardiac electrophysiology , cardiology , cardiothoracic surgery , heart failure devices abbott ' s ( formerly st. the fda recommends that patients and their health care providers discuss the risks and a component in the pacemaker ) . manufacturers are supposed to control programmers ' distribution , but the researchers themselves got their test devices from the auction website for as little as $ 500 to as much as $ 3,000 . in addition to those issues , the team has found that doctors ' monitoring systems don ' t require log-in names and passwords when pacemakers connect to them .
" there was no ' second meeting ' between president trump and president putin , just a brief conversation at the end of a dinner , " the white house said in a statement . it was described to mr. putin , who had been seated next to the first lady , melania trump . press knew ! trump did not speak russian . — donald j. unusual . “they were flummoxed , they were confused and they were startled. putin as purely social , and as lasting far less than an hour . the u.s. intelligence community has concluded putin orchestrated a campaign of cyberattacks and fake news to influence the election in favor of trump .
for romney ’ s aides , dealing with christie ’ s overbearing team was about as pleasurable as a traffic jam on the new jersey turnpike . his administration also expanded the drone war : there have been 326 drone strikes in pakistan , 93 in yemen , and several in somalia — killing upwards of 4,000 people overall — under obama , compared to a total of 52 strikes under george bush . searching for a better way to cover a campaign. ( h/t @kgosztola ) the digital blast radius for “double down ” is infinite .
as well as the occupational hazard of being required to take ceremonial communion wine , the national catholic reporter said vatican residents are more likely to be old , male , highly educated and eat in larger groups – all factors that can contribute to greater wine consumption . story_separator_special_tag the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public .
it ’ s only a couple of months since the toulouse , france-based company filed a patent application for a new ultra-economy class concept that looked like a row of bicycle saddles . now its scientists have dreamed up something much more outlandish : a revolutionary , futuristic aircraft design where passengers sit in a circular cabin enclosed in a sort of delta-wing structure . the research department at airbus sa just seems like the funnest place to work these days . the filing suggests almonds would be removed to improve aerodynamic performance . “it doesn ’ t mean that we ’ re going to be working on making it a reality.
) . when comparing clay ( the main component of bricks and your pizza stone ) and steel , clay is much more slow to heat something placed on it , and this means that even if two ovens made of each material are heated to the same temperature , the crust in the brick oven won ’ t get nearly as hot as the crust in a steel oven . " in 2 minutes flat , the authors watched rome ' s pizza artisans transform doughy discs into golden pies " covered with mouth-watering bubbles of cheese , " and demanding to be washed down with " a pitcher of good beer .
for example , if the target company ’ s domain was “example.com ” the thieves might register “examp1e.com ” ( substituting the letter “l ” for the numeral 1 ) or “example.co , ” and send messages from that domain . but you have no idea what your accountant is talking about - you didn ' t give any instructions . law enforcement globally has received complaints from victims in every u.s. state and in at least 79 countries . there are various versions of the scams . in arizona the average loss per scam is between $ 25,000 and $ 75,000 .
" the fossil fat molecules that we ' ve found prove that animals were large and abundant 558 million years ago , millions of years earlier than previously thought , " said associate professor jochen brocks from the anu research school of earth sciences . dickinsonia belongs to a group of life forms known as the ediacaran biota . different teams of scientists have variously classified them as lichens , fungi , protozoans , evolutionary dead-ends and even as an intermediate stage between plants and animals . ” though dickinsonia eventually went extinct , the animal is one of many early experiments in multicellular life that eventually gave rise to our modern menagerie .
so the idea of the show is that it ’ s his journey to being the youngest michelin starred chef in the world. and thus , we can find out if a planet has life . the beets have been aged for three weeks and paired with slow-cooked beet juice and wilted beet greens in fermented beet butter . marrec worries that it comes down to a societal obsession with consumerism that ” mcgarry ’ s real precociousness , in fact , may be his ability to confront his own ambition . he isn ’ t releasing the complete menu yet , saying he wants to “keep a few secrets.
striking bus driver : " we need job protection " school bus driver solange roche was among the hundred union members who reported to picket lines in queens as 8,800 members of the powerful union went on strike early wednesday . it ' s in your hands . ( published thursday , jan. about 54,000 of them have disabilities and face extra hardships traveling to school . marc santia has the story of one mother attempting to deal with the added stress . " joe marino for new york daily news all students affected by the strike got metrocards tuesday to take subways and buses to school , but a plan to make the cards available to parents of young children and special education students has been hobbled by bureaucratic delays .
they would be far better off embracing the reality that it is not a planet prof mike brown , caltech " they want pluto to be a planet because they want to be flying to a planet . this interview has been edited for length and clarity . ( photo by patrick t. the two reported on their research wednesday in the astronomical journal . but it ’ s still much more visceral to me than some of the more abstract parts of astronomy . it is emotionally difficult for them , " he said . " the people you hear most talking about reinstatement are those who are involved in the ( new horizons ) mission .
" we will not condone or tolerate the type of behavior alleged in these incidents , and the chapter remains on a temporary suspension as our investigation continues , " martin said in an email . at university hospital , officers took samples of her urine to test for drug intoxication that night . at least two open investigations into ... du received probation after several issues arose from parties on august 27 and september 10. your notification has been saved . an mupd police report details a medical call on sept. columbia , mo . the woman was naked from the waist down , the officer wrote , and had " smeared feces " on the walls of the hall .
watch the latest video at foxnews.com bill o ' reilly says sandra fluke has now become a major part of the obama re-election campaign because he needs women to support him in november . " you want me to give you my hard-earned money so you can have sex ? " he also said that perhaps taxpayers should pay for gym memberships for men so they could stay physically fit . none of this seemed to trouble o ' reilly , who , while not mentioning limbaugh and while not making his points in quite the extreme way limbaugh did , sided firmly with the radio host in excoriating fluke .
— 4chan , where a thread was posted on monday story_separator_special_tag fox news host sean hannity has claimed with no evidence whatsoever that former president barack obama was not born in the u.s. " mark wilson/getty images wiley is a yale-educated painter who ' s highly regarded for his work . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . and it only got weirder from there . ” “portrait perversion : obama portrait features ‘secret sperm , ’ artist joked about ‘killing whitey ’ ” the headline screamed . yes , really .
harps statement is stronger than " we don ' t see it " - they find that if they force a solution they get a negative signal appearing , implying the planet is not there , not just that they are not sensitive to it . 50 % more data since 2008 published series . as announced by vogt et al. ps : additional oral reports from the meeting . the american team used a combined set of observations : one 11-year-long set consisted of 122 measurements made by the team , while the other set was 4.3 years long and consisted of 119 measurements published by the consortium .
republicans currently hold 54 senate seats . likely democratic pickup illinois ( 97 percent chance of a democratic win in polls-plus forecast ) republican sen. it ’ s basically a coin-flip . that ’ s because the last time these seats were up for reelection was in 2010 , a gop-wave year when republicans won a lot of seats in democratic-leaning territory . enter rep. 3 . the past few weeks have been no different . incumbent candidates generally outperform non-incumbent candidates , all else being equal . , on nov. i ’ ve also added two extra wild-card races to keep an eye on as the returns come in tuesday .
” on the evening of the primary , mccain and his family watched the returns in a hotel suite in charleston . he was certainly wavering . “how could they believe all that about you ? mccain ’ s response was decisive : he pulled from television his negative advertisements , and announced to supporters , “if we don ’ t prevail , my friends , we know that we have taken the honorable way. “i will not take the low road to the highest office in this land , ” he said . but it might be worth asking .
taylor rushing - after a year of waiting in line , legislation to promote food safety on wednesday moved toward passage during the senate ’ s lame-duck session . food-safety bill clears key senate hurdle by j. the house passed its version of the bill in july 2009 by a vote of 283-142. supporters are still negotiating with two senators expected to offer amendments to the bill _ sen. both have become controversial speed bumps for the slow-moving bipartisan bill , which among other things would give the fda more authority in testing for food pathogens , tracing outbreaks , ordering recalls and penalizing companies that sell contaminated food .
liam mango was pictured in a hoodie on the h&m website which read ‘coolest monkey in the jungle. ” mango continued : “if i bought that jumper and put it on him and posted it on my pages , would that make me racist ? despite the backlash she has faced , terry mango still doesn ' t believe h&m had a racist agenda . “everyone is entitled to their opinion about this , ” mango wrote . ’ s this morning program on itv . " in south africa , protesters vandalised h&m stores over the photos .
the new drink is a tacit admission that the heyday of sugary sports drinks is winding down . gatorade ' s 1991 " be like mike " commercial helped propel the jordan craze , while glacier freeze and fruit punch gatorade baths have become marks of super bowl-winning coaches . , both lost volume in 2017 , as powerade zero grew , according to beverage-digest . listen to article 1 : 19 share this article facebook twitter linkedin email pepsico inc. coke -- the new cola wars are here gatorade has responded to the trends by expanding its lineup in recent years to give athletes more choices .
they said this " included discussion as to how being private could better serve tesla ' s long-term interests " . ) the statement from members of tesla inc. this would make it the biggest deal of its kind , surpassing the purchase of utility txu corp in 2007 for $ 44bn by a consortium . what was left out of the statement also is worth considering . but the board ’ s statement leaves open the crucial question of whether they were satisfied that — as musk ’ s surprise tweet put it — he had enough backing to assert “funding secured.
never before in our nation ’ s history has the attorney for the sitting president invoked the 5th amend in connection with issues surrounding the president . this is a stunning development . cohen cited fbi raids of his residence , office and hotel room and the seizure of " various electronic devices and documents in my possession , " in his filing in us district court in los angeles . trump for over 10 yrs . the judge in that case said last week that he needed to hear from cohen directly before deciding on that request . it is esp .
ortega , " said park police sgt . president obama , who is currently on a visit to australia , was not present at the white house at the time of the incident , and in fact has been out of town for the past week . " we want to hear his version as to what happened . david schlosser . " witnesses -- including uniformed secret service officers -- heard shots fired friday night . " the actions that mr. joe kantor with arlington county police . authorities would later find a car in the area .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . trump said he may announce some of his picks on sunday . " he added that he is continuing to " fill out the various positions necessary to make america great again ! equal time for us ? " his twitter rants come as his transition team was focused on vetting potential candidates for his administration . ( ap photo/andres kudacki ) ( associated press ) bedminster , n.j. 18 , 2016 ....
however , chambers was subsequently re-arrested by essex police on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a class a drug . charges mr chambers faced relating to driving matters , following his arrest in harlow , were dropped " in the public interest " , prosecutors said . chambers had daily visits from doctors , was under constant surveillance and was routinely given food and water . it is understood it is the longest anyone has gone without going to the toilet while in custody . not shy away from talking about the unpleasant truths that go hand in hand with the drug dealing lifestyle , from the violence often perpetrated by those involved to the expectation on dealers to ' plug ' drugs to avoid capture .
that growth , however , has been based in a large part on facebook ' s use of yahoo ' s patented technology . yahoo said late last month it was seeking licensing fees from facebook over its patents and that other companies have already agreed to such licensing deals . stole the attention of web users and grabbed a major share of the online-advertising market . google later took a $ 201 million non-cash charge related to the transaction . connected tv booth is shown during the 2011 international consumer electronics show ( ces ) in las vegas , nevada in this file photo taken january 7 , 2011.
( photo : stephen brashear / getty images ) just minutes after soundgarden ’ s concert at the fox theatre ended wednesday night , frontman chris cornell was back in his hotel room at the mgm grand , talking by phone with his wife . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . what vicky cornell heard alarmed her . story_separator_special_tag on thursday , tom morello paid tribute to his late friend and audioslave bandmate chris cornell on instagram . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
antonieta said she and stefaniak continued to communicate with each other while antonieta waited for her flight at the airport . ( wfla ) - a riverview family is desperate to find a loved one who vanished during a birthday trip to costa rica . she accepted and went on the tour about an hour later . copyright 2018 nexstar broadcasting , inc. all rights reserved . carla stephaniak was reported missing . 28 , but she never made it . 27. stefaniak then returned their rental car . she did not go . the last time she heard from stefaniak was 8 p.m. that night .
, the national hurricane center stopped classifying sandy as a hurricane , though it still continued to pack a wallop . that number had fallen to about 310,000 as of 3 : 15 a.m. on tuesday . it swamped beachfronts on both sides of long island sound and delivered hurricane-force winds from virginia to cape cod as it came ashore . sandy whipped torrents of water over the streets of atlantic city , stretching for blocks inland and ripping up part of the vacation spot ' s fabled boardwalk . are you there ? the going out guide has information on canceled events here .
media playback is unsupported on your device media caption one syrian refugee who said she was 105 years old told the bbc ' s fergal keane she " just wanted to die " the number of syrian refugees who have fled the conflict has reached a million , the un has said . her daughter hanin , aged three , huddled close to her mother in the room " we came because of the shelling and air strikes . the figure includes registered refugees and newer arrivals awaiting registration . " it took us nearly five days to get here walking through fields .
this week , the irish could turn that tradition on its head and vote to legalize same-sex marriage in the ... burundi police fired live bullets , tear gas and tossed a grenade wednesday to disperse hundreds of protesters angry over the president ' s bid for a third term in office . roseanne barr , without any write-in votes included , has polled 49,412 votes , which will likely be good enough for sixth place . with the presidential race settled  but florida still too close to call  miami-dades lack of final results have left a much-mocked blank spot on the long-decided electoral map .
in anticipation of the storm , the weather service placed the entire new york city area under a winter storm watch for thursday and friday . " it will be very cold . the complicated storm system " will raise havoc " this week , dumping a foot of story_separator_special_tag alexus laster walks through snow in buffalo on the way to church on dec. more than 900 u.s. flights were canceled for thursday , with o ' hare and newark liberty international most affected . andrew cuomo said . as much as 9 inches of snow has fallen in some ...
if she ’ s guilty of anything it ’ s recycling a joke . cnn anchor alisyn camerota and chris cuomo ask her to spell " covfefe " , the trump typo that was ruling the internet . in a world where terror attacks rock kabul and london ( and of course one makes for banner headlines even in india and the other is a just another day in a war-torn part of the world ) the spelling bee in america seems insignificant . vinay , an indian american , is from fresno , calif. perhaps so . the problem is the way it came across .
in the video , tansey says he confirmed that they wanted to give the whole $ 50 , and then left with what he assumed was a $ 7-and-change tip . “so listen : the manager apologized once for you . after tansey explained ) advertisement - continue reading below the delivery man in the video is an employee at palace pizza named jarrid tansey , according to two employees there . ” but the office-workers are adamant about their position in the video . “i ’ m not mad , i just had to waste my resources coming back here.
rick scott added two more counties on thursday to the state of emergency declared over a " guacamole-thick " algae bloom affecting a stretch of beaches promoted as the state ' s " treasure coast . foul smelling algae blooms from nutrient rich water released from lake okeechobee are dirtying waters and stinking up the air . blooms that started last week in the st. recently it has become known for something much different though . to view executive order 16-155 , click here . lucie inlet . florida gov . also directing dep &amp; fwc to mitigate spread of algal blooms tallahassee , fla.
you can ' t have a " runaway reactor , " nor can a reactor explode like a nuclear bomb . , in 1979. the scale of the tragedy is epic . before we respond with such panic , though , it would be useful to review exactly what is happening in japan and what we have to fear from it . ed markey ( d. rep. , mass . in simple human terms , the natural destruction of earth and sea have far surpassed any errors committed by man . or the even more disastrous explosion seven years later at chernobyl reactor no .
but the judge said " the sad truth " is that alfie ' s condition had not improved . he said an " alternative " was available , and a military air ambulance was on standby " at the request of the pope " . doctors from alder hey children ' s hospital in liverpool , where alfie has been treated since december 2016 , say he has little brain function and further treatment is futile . they were seen speaking to members of the evans family . " we submit there is a likelihood of alfie having some pleasure in life , " mr diamond said .
( associated press ) soldiers operate in saint-denis , a northern suburb of paris , wednesday , nov. a woman wearing an explosive suicide vest blew herself up wednesday as heavily armed police tried to storm ... " this is an individual suspected of being the instigator of a large number of attacks in europe , " said molins . however police immediately ran into difficulty . 13. a french security official declined to confirm or deny that abaaoud had died . paris ( ap ) — the latest on the deadly attacks in paris . the two officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters .
” gaga herself responded to that remark with this : “well , i don ’ t know if i will succeed in unifying america . it has also become an anthem for protestors fighting against trump ’ s proposed immigration bans and border walls . at her n.f.l . thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order . this is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . " ( p.s . people get together as families , as friends .
a review of information “obtained with magnolia ’ the project , to be performed with an independent abatement firm , will reduce the risk of exposure to lead-based paint in at-risk residences by replacing windows and doors , removing lead-based paint and dust , and replacing lead-based paint surfaces and fixtures , among other chores . the epa notes that magnolia has “looked for ways to make a concrete difference in its local community. magnolia ’ s renovations were depicted on the hgtv series “fixer upper ” and regularly viewed by well over 3 million households .
( welboy ’ s son , corey , is the other , but he ’ s not able to be here this year. they get up and in you . she reports that they are quite bitter to the taste ... one of them is that burning man is a family affair . story_separator_special_tag click to enlarge black rock city playa info/facebook a new breed of burner . ” another commenter read the whirlwind of bugs as a bit of poetic justice : “perfect ! we don ' t know . they bite . they ' ve covered the carpets at the depot .
hwang claims that when she was brushing dandruff off savage ’ s clothing for a shoot , he “violently struck ” her on her arm three times . in the suit , filed wednesday in l.a. " tmz broke the story ... she claims fox protected the star and did nothing to correct the hostile work environment . as someone who has always tried to live honorably and with integrity , it never dawned on me that my name could be on the other side . " fred savage is getting sued for allegedly assaulting a costumer on his tv show " the grinder " -- but she also claims he regularly tormented female crew members , demanding they don ' t make eye contact with him .
" interview highlights on why he protected this man what came to me was that he was a human being , and i didn ' t want to see anybody die . story_separator_special_tag al letson shields a demonstrator from attacks at a protest in berkeley sunday . but they were there , and they showed up in force . the clip of his intervention has been shared widely across social media by critics of the antifa movement . “our editorial policy is clear : we are unbiased observers not participants , ” said reveal it wasn ’ t like anarchy and fighting and brawling everywhere .
the thungyai naresuan national park where premchai was arrested is in tourist-friendly kanchanaburi province . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . construction magnate premchai karnasuta has denied poaching charges levelled against him and three others . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
the 97-year-old was forced to drop out of school to take care of her family . bekema ... " " her life has been one of sacrifice and service , " said deja . school administrators from catholic central high school in grand rapids presented her with the diploma at the yorkshire and stonebridge manor senior community in walker . 29 , 2015 . i loved high school and i had lots of friends . vpc margaret bekema , 97 , of walker , mich. contributing : the associated press . after her mother died , bekema did clerical work for the armed forces and eventually became a preschool teacher .
martinez in that he was stuck on the ride . ” disneyland expressed disappointment of friday ’ s ruling in a statement . and mrs. martinez ’ s attorney , david geffen , stated that his client was awarded $ 4,000 for “pain and suffering ” and the rest was for a violation of the americans with disabilities act . disneyland spokeswoman , suzi brown , says that the issue has since been fixed . they couldn ’ t get it to go off. all rights reserved . this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
robertson felt it was in the best interest of the district to resign her position , ” pittsburg community schools announced in a statement . “i know the students want that too. “there were some things that just didn ’ t quite add up , ” balthazor told the washington post . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ” she also said , “all three of my degrees have been authenticated by the us government. ” students journalists published a story friday questioning the legitimacy of the private college — corllins university — where robertson got her master ’ s and doctorate degrees years ago .
” urie also recently starred on broadway in “kinky boots , ” which features lgbt themes and celebrates drag queen culture . it ’ s just people that i am attracted to. at the disco frontman brendon urie is giving new meaning to the band ’ s queer anthem “girls/girls/boys. “i guess you could qualify me as pansexual because i really don ’ t care . panic ! story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser ’ s latest album , “pray for the wicked , ” dropped on june 22 .
that was wrong , " ettinger said . buffett , the son of billionaire investor warren buffett . buffett would not disclose the amount he paid for the items , but steven cohen , a lawyer for the seller , the detroit-based rosa &amp; raymond parks institute for self development , said it was " consistent with the intrinsic value of the artifacts and their historical significance . that triggered a yearlong bus boycott that helped to dismantle officially sanctioned segregation and helped lift the rev . parks , who died in 2005 at age 92 , was one of the most beloved women in u.s. history .
they are raking in cash from wall street , as well as from their rush to merge and acquire competing hospitals and systems . chief of staff reince priebus thanked dubke for his service in a statement tuesday . those margins aren ' t gigantic . these systems collected $ 535.5 billion of annual revenue — a big piece of the entire health care system . ” playbook pm sign up for our must-read newsletter on what ' s driving the afternoon in washington . you can unsubscribe at any time . “this will change. ” in subsequent tweets , trump claimed russian officials are laughing at america and “how a lame excuse for why the dems lost the election has taken over the fake news.
wolf lives and works in johnson county , in the suburbs of kansas city , and he needed a healthy margin there to offset roberts ’ strength in the sprawling 1st congressional district on the western side of the state , which he represented in the house for 16 years . trott is running against incumbent kerry bentivolio ... recent polls story_separator_special_tag washington ( ap ) — three-term republican sen. sam brownback . jerry moran , whom some far-right activists have threatened with a 2016 primary challenge . " tonight , we reaffirmed what we all knew . a gop businessman swamped a first-term michigan congressman , upending his re-election bid .
that ’ s who . he fled the country in which he was accused . in those cases , there ’ s about a 51 % chance that the 40 % of reported rapes will have an arrest made . and why is that ? never , ever believe the allegations that he forcibly held a woman down and raped story_separator_special_tag istockphoto/jaroon/salon oh no , keith olbermann has quit twitter . it ' s just not a good look ! fucking progressives . sigh . incapable of taking criticism . the first complainant , a miss a , said she was the victim of " unlawful coercion " on the night of 14 august in stockholm .
, page ' s stepmother said he grew up as a " precious child " in a normal , loving family . the official spoke on the condition of anonymity and was not authorized to speak to the media on the matter . wade michael page , dead himself in the wake of his mass-slaying rampage at the sikh temple in oak creek sunday , appears to have been many things - army veteran of a special unit , fired truck driver , devoted grandson , hard-metal musician , white supremacist . but it didn ' t start that way .
a suspected gunman was in custody friday following a shooting at los angeles airport that ... " all he said was , ' tsa? hernandez is the first officer to have been killed in the line of duty in the agency ' s 12-year history . ( associated press ) in this aerial video frame grab provided by cbs-la , fire and rescue personnel gather at los angeles international airport on friday nov. the official who identified ciancia was briefed at the airport on the investigation and requested anonymity because was he was not authorized to speak publicly .
" it ' s not the fact she is going to get money for having to raise a down syndrome child , the court already said no . but her doctor told her that her fallopian tubes were blocked . calls to cichewicz ' doctor and his attorney weren ' t returned thursday . ( wxyz ) - in a case of so-called " wrongful conception , " an oakland county woman is suing her doctor for the stress caused by an unplanned pregnancy . pictures show lori cichewicz as a doting loving mother . http://detne.ws/28ra2lh all rights reserved .
as it turns out , the move may be a response to a warning from a google exec who sits on uber ’ s board : google is creating its own ride-hailing app , and the cabs could be self-driving . “we are excited to join the community of pittsburgh and partner with the experts at cmu , whose breadth and depth of technical expertise , particularly in robotics , are unmatched . loving your local uber driver ? the center will focus on the development of key long-term technologies that advance uber ’ s mission of bringing safe , reliable transportation to everyone , everywhere .
researchers have confirmed that three nile crocodiles were captured near miami , and they say it ' s possible more of the man-eating reptiles are still out there , although no one can say for sure . nile crocs are believed to be responsible for up to 200 fatalities annually in their native sub-saharan africa . they are generalist predators and eat a wide variety of prey . nile crocs are usually bronze or brownish yellow ; alligators are blackish green . " but we really don ' t know how they got into the wild . prior to graduating in 2013 , former uf doctoral student and co-author matthew shirley extensively sampled dna of live nile crocodiles housed in u.s. zoos , including florida .
must watch publishing a prostitute ' s picture 04 : 25 just watched axelrod on gsa and secret service scandal replay more videos ... the secret service says 12 members of the agency have been implicated in the incident . this was an exception , or is there anything in the records that show this is a pattern of misconduct that has gone on elsewhere by secret service agents on assignment , but off-duty ? " sen. king , r-n.y. people walk past hotel el caribe in cartagena , colombia , late thursday , april 19 , 2012.
photo : emoji fame image 3 of 17 houston rapper trae tha truth is immortalized in a set of emojis that reflect him and houston ' s hip-hop culture . hcr 75 , filed thursday , urges " texans not to use the flag emoji of the republic of chile when referring to the texas flag . click through to see what one houston rapper ' s own emoji set looks like ... photo : travelgame/getty images/lonely planet images image 2 of 17 houston rapper trae tha truth is immortalized in a set of emojis that reflect him and houston ' s hip-hop culture .
the briefing was carried live on russian state tv and handed out on dvds by russia ' s ambassador to malaysia . ( associated press ) a toy is placed at the crash site of malaysia airlines flight 17 near the village of hrabove , eastern ukraine monday , july 21 , 2014. " it ' s equipped with air-to-air r-60 missile that can hit a target at a distance up to 12km , up to 5km for sure . 07/26/14 what ' s news : world-wide 07/25/14 white house says putin ' culpab ... he then appeared to claim that one of the units had moved into rebel-controlled territory on the morning of the crash .
" schiff has slammed the release of a congressional memo that alleges fbi surveillance abuses in an investigation into the trump campaign ' story_separator_special_tag the democratic memo is expected to remain secret while the president reviews it , but its lead author , rep. must be stopped ! you can unsubscribe at any time . really anything else . tom rooney ( r-fla. adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information . sign up for politico playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox . the most reliable politics newsletter .
’ ” he said . in the video , the suspect pulls up to the synagogue curb in a dark-colored suv just after midnight , places the stickers on the front door and then breaks the glass with a metal object . he returned a bottle of hand sanitizer to one of the riders , apologizing for having used most of it . “we sat down and glanced around at each other and settled back into the commute , ” he said . both men said they understood that there might be skepticism about their accounts . community activist raul montes jr.
here ' s the backstory : on monday , india ' s telecom regulatory authority blocked facebook ' s free basics , which seeks to bring a limited number of internet sites and services for free to areas of the world where online access is unavailable . andreessen said he withdrew his comments " in full and without reservation . ... why stop now ? facebook inc. mr. " " anti-colonialism has been economically catastrophic for the indian people for decades . story_separator_special_tag splash news/corbis marc andreessen needs to tweet a billion apologies . " i found the comments deeply upsetting , and they do not represent the way facebook or i think at all .
in his new year ’ s message , greek prime minister lucas papademos said his nation will confront a “difficult ” 2012 and must continue efforts to stay in the euro . “this will only succeed if europe learns from the mistakes of the past . many other european banks will go back into crisis. bloomberg.com story_separator_special_tag jan. 9 summit . 29. measures include negotiating a debt swap with private creditors that will cut 100 billion euros off greece ’ s burden . ” germany plans to speed up paying installments to europe ’ s permanent bailout fund to boost market confidence in the euro area ’ s resolve to beat the crisis .
men , we need you to advocate as much for women as you do for other men . but 2018 was the first time in eight years that not a single woman has been included on the list — not even serena williams , one of the most accomplished and well-known athletes in history . referring to basketball star kobe bryant and quarterback peyton manning , she noted , " kobe and peyton walked away from their careers with something i didn ’ t have : enormous bank accounts. the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
she received her birth record in the mail monday from the department of health in columbus . that included her mother ’ s name , francine simmons . “i have seen success stories where people do connect and you can ’ t believe how wonderful it is for them , to other situations where people put that past in their life and have dealt with it and really don ’ t want to re-open that , ” voitus said . so does mitchell-clark . 18 , 1996. the duo learned they live toni amey of canfield was born and adopted in california .
an official recall campaign launched by stanford university law professor michele dauber and backed by the progressive women silicon valley state pac is currently raising funds and plans next spring to gather the signatures needed to mount a special election in santa clara county to put persky ' s recall to voters . “brock turner ’ s sentence for three violent sexual felonies isn ’ t merely shocking , it ’ s dangerous , � ? she writes . the best scholars use their expertise to shine light on pressing civic issues like these : they articulate their visions of a more just society , and they engage with policymakers and the public to spur and shape reform .
tim gardner , husband of vicki gardner , spoke to us earlier this morning about his wife ' s condition . gardener is with the smith mountain lake regional chamber of commerce . a prayer vigil for vicki was held wednesday night at bethlehem united methodist church in moneta . police also found 17 stamped letters , a briefcase that contained three license plates , a shawl , and an umbrella in vester flanagan ' s rental car , the search warrant return said . gardner was shot in the chest and taken to carilion roanoke memorial hospital where she went through emergency surgery .
instead , he manages its pension funds on the outskirts of town , in a sparsely furnished office next to a bank branch . edmundson and mr. since the beginning of 2014 , they have moved the last of the state pension funds ’ stock and bond investments entirely into securities that track market indexes exactly . then there are the fees that outside money managers charge pension funds . ” one binder is labeled “terminated managers. his daily trading strategy : do as little as possible , usually nothing . photo advertisement continue reading the main story carson city , nev.
and mr. like a game of telephone , shakespeare ’ s words got lost in translation , resulting in phrases that barely resemble the original , bruster says . vickers and others linked it to a different author . ” the findings reveal that shakespeare ’ s spelling was both old-fashioned and idiosyncratic . bruster ’ s paper , but said that some new attributions were driven less by solid evidence than by publishers ’ desire to offer “more shakespeare ” than their rivals . “then i realized that the copyist or printer had misread his handwriting .
putin . “we ’ re looking at the possibility , “ president donald trump said when asked whether he ’ s planning to meet with russian president vladimir putin next month . russia was suspended from the group in 2014 for its annexation of crimea . russia experts say that putin would see a meeting with trump as a chance to shed western sanctions imposed over his aggression in ukraine and u.s. election interference . mr. , may 17 , 2016. in recent public comments , he has emphasized the importance of building a friendly relationship with mr.
stevens , 52 , left the casino and wrote a five-page letter to stacy . modern slot machines develop an unbreakable hold on many players — some of whom wind up losing their jobs , their families , and even , as in the case of scott stevens , their lives . a former chief operating officer at louis berkman investment , he gave her careful financial instructions that would enable her to avoid responsibility for his losses and keep her credit intact : she was to deposit the enclosed check for $ 4,000 ; move her funds into a new checking account ; decline to pay the money he owed the bellagio casino in las vegas ; disregard his credit-card debt ( it was in his name alone ) ; file her tax returns ; and sign up for social security survivor benefits .
the official was not authorized to speak on an ongoing investigation and spoke to the associated press on condition of anonymity . police say at least two victims have been shot . peter donald said friday afternoon that the shooter had died . “he ’ s shooting ! calls there rang unanswered . new york police department spokesman j. dr. the body of a woman who was shot was found near his body , o ' neill said . emergency crews had been kept from going inside the hospital while the shooter was at large . the furious attack by the doctor — identified by the police as henry bello , 45 — sent workers at the hospital , bronx-lebanon hospital center , diving behind desks and doors as gunshots and smoke filled the hallways of a place devoted to healing .
obama are their most valuable assets , worth between $ 1 million and $ 5 million . ’ s publishing career earned him considerably less than the president ’ s totals . sales from mr. the $ 50,000 came from an award biden received from the pennsylvania society , which honored biden last year with its gold medal for distinguished achievement , last month , the obamas released their 2013 tax returns and reported paying $ 98,169 in taxes on $ 481,098 in adjusted income . the forms , required by law , permit public officials to list their assets in broad ranges .
#42 on the greatest actress performances of all time story_separator_special_tag actress marcia strassman , known for her roles in such hits as “welcome back , kotter ” and “mash , ” died friday after a long fight with breast cancer , her sister julie strassman confirmed . " she was very courageous . she played nurse margie cutler on the first season of " m.a.s.h . she knew everything . " the show was about a teacher returning to the tough high-school of his youth to teach a classroom full of misfits , including future movie star john travolta .
“the truth is , those academy members will watch movies that deal with the heroism of the african-american community or the history of blacks , like ‘12 years a slave , ’ because that interests them , ” said lurie , an israeli-american director whose work includes “the contender ” and amc ’ s “hell on wheels. gary gray ( left ) and actor o ' shea jackson jr. backlash over her comments came amid an uproar in hollywood over this year ' s all-white oscar acting nominees for a second consecutive year .
" he ' s only like 16 , but he ' s got an adam ' s apple out of this world . american rapper bow wow attempted to explain the origin of the dab dance , saying it derived from the cannabis dabbers community , which started in about 2012 , before the dance move . " dab on them folks . [ 15 ] dabbing has made its appearance in politics , as well . [ 22 ] in october 2017 , australian labor party leader bill shorten dabbed as part of a " diss track " criticising members of the liberal party .
she was 50. 1997 : joy covey , then chief financial officer of amazon.com , at the chicago board options exchange on the first day of trading options for amazon . but , she had a long history working in the tech sector -- and she got there using her quick intellect and determined work ethic . covey was pronounced dead at the scene . what in your background do you think contributed to your success ? ” ms. the van driver was not charged . i went to college part-time at cal . covey helped take the company public and was an independent-minded advocate for amazon ’ s plans to ignore wall street and invest for the future .
that ' s when facebook ' s underwriters had to step in to support the company ' s share price , people familiar with the matter said . lnkd saw its shares jump more than 100 % on their first day of trades last may , while yelp inc. despite repeatedly touching $ 38 just before market close , the stock avoided negative territory , and closed at $ 38.23 . reuters facebook debuted on the nasdaq friday morning , but lost most of its gains by the end of the session . linkedin corp. david benoit and shayndi raice have details on the news hub .
shourd said . one of those iranians , a woman jailed for trafficking defense hardware to iran , gave a telephone interview to iran ' s state-run english language television channel on monday in which she said she had story_separator_special_tag besides stating that the three hikers were captured in iraq , the american military report , by an anonymous official , also said , “the lack of coordination on the part of these hikers , particularly after being forewarned , indicates an intent to agitate and create publicity regarding international policies on iran. view all new york times newsletters .
keeping clients out of legal trouble is a core element of their business model : that is how they earn their money . other prominent figures who have taken advantage of offshore companies include the brother-in-law of the president , xi jinping , and the son-in-law of zhang gaoli , another member of china ’ s top political body , the politburo standing committee . a few hundred protesters have been ... it ' s difficult to delineate what constitutes a tax story_separator_special_tag image copyright afp image caption president juan carlos varela is determined to ensure panama ' s reputation is not besmirched by the scandal panama is creating an international panel to help improve transparency in its offshore financial industry .
police in mexico ' s southern chiapas state found 513 migrants on tuesday inside two trailer trucks bound for the united states , and said they had been transported in dangerously crowded conditions . the immigration institute said in a statement that 410 of the migrants were from guatemala , 47 from el salvador , 32 from ecuador , 12 from india , six from nepal , three from china and one each from japan , the dominican republic and honduras . ) no similar controversy attends their use on cargo , though . this post has been revised to reflect the following correction :
” courtesy of john goodlett john goodlett with his twin sister , jalisa goodlett noted he has something in common with vincent : he ' s a twin himself . it ’ s a natural love and it ’ s deep. she posted the picture to facebook that evening . read more we could all help each other and be a little friendlier. “one of the most compassionate and caring people i ' ve ever met . it started last week when goodlett , 25 , went to pick up coty vincent from her tulsa , oklahoma , home and brought her back to the enterprise office .
” rincon said he left the traffic stop he was tending to at the time and ran to his car to call for medics and grab some gloves and blankets . benavidez ’ ... benavidez , a third-grade teacher , said she was shocked by how quickly things moved . " i think i went pale . all rights reserved . “this is definitely no . but the baby couldn ' t wait . courtney benavidez gave birth in the car . story_separator_special_tag tucson , ariz. 1 for me as far as surprise factor. adrian borquez , her husband , was in phoenix for the night because no one expected a baby for another two weeks .
but if such an investment sounds speculative , that is because it is . this counts as a series c round for motif , bringing the total amount of money invested in the company to $ 51 million since it was founded in mid-2010 . venture capitalists are pitching start-up stocks to the unwashed masses . ( what didn ’ t make page one : foster ’ s career-worst game the very next sunday. then came the fantasy leagues . investors in the deal will receive stock linked to mr. ‚ äē it hopes to sign up more football players and other athletes , as well as celebrities like pop singers and hollywood actors .
that type of family visa is exactly one of the categories that trump and his allies have tried to repeal , saying they are harmful to the us . a smaller number go to immigrants based on their employment , and other categories include refugees and other special cases . the first lady ' s office declined to comment . pressed on the fact that the president has harshly criticized family-based migration and regularly refers to it as " chain migration , " wildes responded : " i can ' t comment on the president ' s politics when it comes to my clients but i have stood up against the president ' s immigration policies personally .
" ' shakespeare in love ' is one of my favorite movies , " gunter said . ” and a mineral-infused oxygen bar that the company apparently breaks out at corporate events — it ’ s easy to get caught up in the world according to goop . gunter by name and castigated her for using swear words . gundry wrote . “dr . more than 150 years of msu history can be explored , including original letters and diaries , photographs , and oral histories . five nutrition lies ruining your health what about another practice recommended by a doctor interviewed on goop : cleansing the body with goat ' s milk as a hedge against parasites ?
the “overwhelming majority ” of the agency ’ s workforce “carried out their responsibilities faithfully , ” he argued . related : cia feared for future of interrogation program , report shows he said detainees who faced " enhanced interrogation techniques " did provide some information that provided useful -- as well as other information that didn ' t . 11 , 2001 attacks . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . at the same time , democratic sen. feinstein ' s office began tweeting even before brennan began speaking . thursday ’ s press conference was clearly intended as an effort to convey a similar message of support to a wider audience .
“parker spitzer ” was conceived last fall by a cnn executive , jonathan story_separator_special_tag kathleen parker , the co-host of " parker spitzer , " cnn ' s four-month-old , ratings-challenged primetime show , has been dropped from the program , cnn announced on friday . ms. mr. ” the new direction will try to feature many points of view , mr. through a spokeswoman , he declined an interview request . " e.d . spitzer , the former new york governor who resigned in 2008 after being caught up in a prostitution scandal . " we will be adopting an ensemble format with several newsmakers , guests and contributors joining eliot spitzer each night .
there ' s a clue as to where he might have gone wrong in that sentence : " country " has a slightly different meaning to " world " . even their premise – that the story_separator_special_tag beijing had its coldest morning in almost 40 years and its biggest snowfall since 1951. so what is going on ? 5 , 2010 , in lakeland , fla. other areas including alaska , canada and the mediterranean were warmer than usual . such weather doesn ' t seem to fit with warnings from scientists that the earth is warming because of greenhouse gases .
it ’ s worth remembering what he did . the article details manning ' s life in the army and after she was sentenced to more than 20 years in prison . she is accompanied by a couple of men who surround her like guards . in 2007 , while on leave from service in iraq , manning sent hundreds of thousands of classified and sensitive documents to wikileaks , including the video known as collateral murder that showed us military killing dozens of unarmed iraqi citizens . tonight she will make her social debut in her own skin .
milioti is nominated for a tony award for best actress in a ... ) advertisement ( click prev or next to continue viewing images. it beat out " newsies , " ` ' nice work if you can get it " and " leap of faith . ( associated press ) the musical is based on the documentary-style 2006 film about an unlikely love affair between a czech flower seller and an irish street musician in dublin . tonys 2012 : red carpet &#124; winners &amp; nominees story_separator_special_tag here is the full list of tony nominations for 2012 ( winners are noted ) : play " clybourne park , " bruce norris winner " other desert cities , " jon robin baitz " peter and the starcatcher , " rick elice " venus in fur , " david ives musical " leap of faith " " newsies " " nice work if you can get it " " once " winner revival of a play " arthur miller ’ s death of a salesman " winner " gore vidal ’ s the best man " " master class " " wit " revival of a musical " evita " " follies " " the gershwins ’ porgy and bess " winner " jesus christ superstar " book of a musical " lysistrata jones , " douglas carter beane " newsies , " harvey fierstein " nice work if you can get it , " joe dipietro " once , " enda walsh winner original score ( music and/or lyrics ) written for the theater " bonnie &amp; clyde , " music : frank wildhorn ; lyrics : don black " newsies , " music : alan menken ; lyrics : jack feldman winner " one man , two guvnors , " music &amp; lyrics : grant olding " peter and the starcatcher , " music : wayne barker ; lyrics : rick elice performance by an actor in a leading role in a play james corden , " one man , two guvnors " winner philip seymour hoffman , " arthur miller ’ s death of a salesman " james earl jones , " gore vidal ’ s the best man " frank langella , " man and boy " john lithgow , " the columnist " performance by an actress in a leading role in a play nina arianda , " venus in fur " winner tracie bennett , " end of the rainbow " stockard channing , " other desert cities " linda lavin , " the lyons " cynthia nixon , " wit " performance by an actor in a leading role in a musical danny burstein , " follies " jeremy jordan , " newsies " steve kazee , " once " winner norm lewis , " the gershwins ’ porgy and bess " ron raines , " follies " performance by an actress in a leading role in a musical jan maxwell , " follies " audra mcdonald , " the gershwins ’ porgy and bess " winner cristin milioti , " once " kelli o ’ hara , " nice work if you can get it " laura osnes , " bonnie &amp; clyde " performance by an actor in a featured role in a play christian borle , " peter and the starcatcher " winner michael cumpsty , " end of the rainbow " tom edden , " one man , two guvnors " andrew garfield , " arthur miller ’ s death of a salesman " jeremy shamos , " clybourne park " performance by an actress in a featured role in a play linda emond , " arthur miller ’ s death of a salesman " spencer kayden , " don ’ t dress for dinner " celia keenan-bolger , " peter and the starcatcher " judith light , " other desert cities " winner condola rashad , " stick fly " performance by an actor in a featured role in a musical phillip boykin , " the gershwins ’ porgy and bess " michael cerveris , " evita " david alan grier , " the gershwins ’ porgy and bess " michael mcgrath , " nice work if you can get it " winner josh young , " jesus christ superstar " performance by an actress in a featured role in a musical elizabeth a.
" the tiger did nothing wrong in this episode , " breheny said . zoo officials say a visitor who leaped into an exhibit and was mauled by ... " we review everything , but we honestly think we provide a safe experience , " breheny said . after zoo staff chased the tiger off , the man was instructed to roll under an electrified wire to get to safety , breheny said . their offspring were the zoo ' s first amur cubs in more than a decade . bashuta is 11 years old and has been at the zoo for three years .
properties of this collection . sign up to follow , and we ’ ll e-mail you free updates as they ’ re published . in a commencement address she delivered in 1996 at wellesley college , her alma mater , ms. ephron was also an accomplished essayist , novelist and reporter , not to mention the editor-at-large of the huffington post . ephron recalled that women of her generation weren ’ t expected to do much of anything . turned off duplicate detection . this version has been corrected . “everything is copy. , " " sleepless in seattle , " " you ' ve got mail " and , most recently " julie &amp; julia , " belonged to america ' s top tier of filmmakers , but her talents extended far beyond hollywood .
it was a lovely relationship ... i don ' t want to be too glib , " he said about fears that perry would read second-hand tabloid accounts of his stern interview that will twist his words around . " she ' s younger than me , she ' s a young woman and she ' s beautiful and she ' s sensitive and i care about her deeply ... " [ the reality is ] you can ' t fully understand it until you do it . " ah , yes , yes , and some things in the newspaper are true , " brand joked .
this site is not a defense of child sexual abuse . the athletic department sent the letter last week to the former penn state coach ’ s home in state college , pennsylvania . you have worked diligently to separate yourself by exhibiting unrivaled tenacity , character , and loyalty . ************************************************************** john ziegler does awesome facebook interview with glenn beck ' s " the blaze " network john ziegler provides " blaze tv " with 2 minute summary of the real story of the pe​nn state " scandal " 9/22​/16 : must-watch !
but even that small number appears to be an excess of cases when compared with the usual incidence of the disease : this type of lymphoma in the breast is normally found in only 3 in 100 million women who do not have implants . maisel said . dr. but he added , “please understand that is speculative and a hypothesis. but they should pay attention to any changes and see a doctor if swelling , lumps or other symptoms develop . ” another implant maker , mentor , did not respond to a telephone message asking for comment on the drug agency announcement .
" " i know i didn ' t do it , " he said . coleman , 49 , reflected on returning to his old job , reuniting with his family and his championship hopes for the white sox . take a shower , sit in a tub . ” the two men hugged one another , and went inside , where coleman , smith and powe shared a private moment in the tunnel leading to the field . my goal was to see everybody . “i ’ d wake up in the morning and be proud to come to work.
" the elder boulware said he saw his son friday night and that there was no indication that trouble was coming . but despite previous threats of violence , he said he never expected anything like saturday ' s events . the suspect ' s father , jim boulware of carrollton , said his son had blamed police for losing custody of his child , who is in middle school . two loud blasts came from the vehicle about noon as authorities tried to neutralize explosives believed to be inside . police spokesman maj. starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
so far , there is no evidence that a significant number of rootworms have developed a resistance to the corn ' s protective toxin . such " superweeds " are now galloping through cotton and corn country , forcing farmers to resort to highly toxic herbicide cocktails and even hand-weeding . us farmers used this type of seed for 45 % of the us crop in 2009. all rights reserved . more » story_separator_special_tag the second involved crop-eating insects . large-scale farmers of these commodities , always operating on razor-thin profit margins , lunged at the chance to streamline their operations by essentially outsourcing their pest management to monsanto .
” what is that ? “if we as christians say we are pro-life , that means we have to be pro-refugee. in his address at the national prayer breakfast on feb. “i will get rid of and totally destroy the johnson amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely and without fear of retribution , ” said mr trump . it has been updated . the ratings went down the tubes . 2 . president trump is expected to sign an executive order on thursday relaxing rules that bar tax-exempt churches from participating in politics .
" they are a people who learned to eat with a fork from us a few centuries ago . the euronaval 2016 event is supported by the french ministry of defense and the french navy . while there is indeed reason to believe that king henry iii introduced forks to his subjects after discovering them in poland , where he had previously been elected king , there is no actual evidence to prove that kownacki ’ s claim is true . story_separator_special_tag image copyright getty images image caption was fork use in europe pioneered by the poles ? airbus has threatened to sue .
late monday , s&p ; lowered italy ’ s long-term credit rating to a from a-plus and cut its short-term rating to a-1 from a-1-plus , citing a weak economic outlook and ongoing political gridlock . the ftse 100 in london up about 1.5 percent , as was the main index in milan . meanwhile , the premium demanded by investors to hold italian 10-year bonds over german bunds / quotes/zigman/4869083/delayed de : 10yr_ger +0.02 % widened by around 9 basis points to stand at 3.82 percentage points . it also cast doubt on whether the government ’ s projected € 60 billion , or $ 82 billion , in fiscal savings would be realized because growth prospects are weakening , the budgetary savings rely on revenue increases , and market interest rates are anticipated to rise .
he then announced that anand was his favorite player , and he extolled the fluid and instructive qualities of anand ' s great chess games . in story_separator_special_tag delhi international chess festival : pantsulaia wins the georgian gm levan pantsulaia nudged six others on tiebreak to clinch the main event of the delhi international chess festival in new delhi . how can prearranged draws hurt your own openings ? ivanchuk vs. chances are it ’ s either bobby fischer staring at a set of chess pieces like he wants to light them on fire , or it ’ s two kids in glasses sitting at one of those tables with the built-in gameboards , playing after school while they wait for their parents to pick them up .
" areas for ' veneration ' and ' cautiousness ' were said to be large in africans . he was called charles caldwell , a doctor from kentucky who revelled in both phrenology and slave ownership . " the science of phrenology , " he announces , " is crucial to understanding the separation of our two species . it countered fears that they would take revenge photograph : public domain these are not isolated examples . when she visited britain she stayed with the renowned scottish phrenologist george combe , himself an anti-slavery campaigner . tom colicchio has changed the name of his hot beekman hotel restaurant fowler &amp; wells to temple court after realizing the first moniker has a racially charged past .
but now china ' s leaders want to try and end a scandal that has exposed he says mr bo ' s career is over and he will almost certainly spend time in jail . story_separator_special_tag the chinese communist party expelled former high-flying official bo xilai , according to state-run media on friday . 8 as the opening for a congress at which president hu jintao and other senior figures are to retire from their party posts . that represents an acknowledgment that growing public anger over those issues constitutes a grave threat to the party ' s future grip on power .
what was clear , he said , was that the " international coalition " applying pressure on iran " could be undone if [ iran ] was attacked prematurely " . tehran denies it is developing weapons and says its nuclear program is peaceful . in common with nato ' s supreme commander , us admiral james stavridis , who wrote about afghanistan for the guardian on thursday , dempsey put a brave face on the situation there . the worst-case scenario would be syria ending up as a failed state , he said . editors ' note : reuters and other foreign media are subject to iranian restrictions on leaving the office to report , film or take pictures in tehran .
it ' s a one-off and it ' s called ' houston. " bullock is the latest celebrity to pitch in with a generous financial contribution . " hart will donate $ 25,000 to the american red cross to help those suffering from damages and injuries caused by the hurricane that has left some people in texas homeless and thousands more without electricity . he then added : " this is a new song and we ' ll never play this again . area , e ! news can confirm . " keep your head up houston and keep your faith , " hart wrote tuesday .
ryan seacrest is joining " live " as kelly ripa ' s new co-host , jump-starting a new era in the morning television ratings race . network , for example . representatives for ripa , seacrest and abc either declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment ahead of the official announcement on monday . , directly against the third hour of nbc ' s " today . try again . the beloved talk show airs in many markets at 9 a.m. ripa was reportedly blindsided by the news . oops , something went wrong .
" based on careful review and advice , it is the unanimous view of the independent directors that there is a significant gap between the proposal from news corporation and the value of the company , " said nicholas ferguson , senior independent non-executive director at bskyb . bskyb ' s share price rose 21 % , up by 126p to 726.5p , in early trading . • if you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " . " however , both parties have agreed to work together to proceed with the regulatory process in order to facilitate a proposed transaction and , accordingly , we have agreed to enter into a cooperation agreement " .
" seventy percent of that happened in the workplace . " i wouldn ’ t want to tell you , because frankly , they have to , you know , somebody wrote a very good story about me recently , and they said there ’ s a certain unpredictable , and it was actually another businessman , said there ’ s a certain unpredictability about trump that ’ s great , and it ’ s what made him a lot of money and a lot of success , " said trump . raymond mcpartland . gen. the nypd has stepped up training for patrol officers on mass shooting scenarios .
that dining experience spurred the team to figure out a way to wrap bacon around the pizza crust , he says . a single slice weighs in at 450 calories ; 23 grams of fat ; 830 milligrams of sodium and 40 milligrams of cholesterol . " timing is everything , " says tristano , " and the timing for consumer spending and bacon ' s popularity may align for little caesars . deep ! beginning feb. dish pizza . ” the bacon wrapped pizza will be sold until late april , and will be available from 4-8 p.m.
mr lubitz ' s employers have confirmed that his training was interrupted for several months six years ago . a lufthansa spokeswoman said on friday the airline would not comment on the state of health of the pilot . kept a flat in duesseldorf and had many friends facebook profile suggests the active lifestyle of a keen runner , with an interest in pop music who was andreas lubitz ? police that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
" so it ’ s exciting that we found that the potential link between b12 and acne is through the skin bacteria . story_separator_special_tag a vitamin found in meats and dairy products may be linked to acne , a study published today in science translational medicine suggests . it can go away on its own , but it can also lead to some pretty bad scarring — not to mention some big dips in self-esteem . li ' s research team then looked at the skin bacterium in pimple-free people who received a vitamin b12 injection . a new study has found that the vitamin changes the way bacteria behave on the skin of susceptible people .
looking for a change from the usual halloween festivities ? story_separator_special_tag paris , oct. satisfy your thirst for adventure in the sprawling network of skulls and bones . 13 ( upi ) -- lodging website airbnb announced a contest to win a spooky halloween stay with six million deceased roomies in the catacombs of paris . on halloween night , journey to the center of the earth and learn about the hair-raising history of this mysterious subterranean labyrinth . the listing ' s " rules " state guests should " respect the catacombs as you would your own grave " and there are no pets allowed , but " you can be assured there will be a monster under your bed .
" he is not a friend of india - he is mr kumar supports mr trump and says he made the video with him to appeal to hindi speakers . trump ' s democratic rival , hillary clinton , began running a spanish-language tv ad last week , and has run radio ads in florida in creole for haitian american voters . “great man ! " she asked . it also seems like a long shot . 15. look at the screenshot above . " image caption raymon singh , left , and aparimita pratap , right , are law students her friend raymon singh agrees and just laughs after i show her the video .
“on april 20 , i clicked on his facebook page that i ' liked ' a video of rep. weiner , in order to deal with the pain . standing in the same setting weiner ( and , somehow , andrew breitbart ) had given press conferences the day before – though the chyron cited it as a motel 6 in hackensack , nj – stewart explained that the decision to run with material about john edwards and sarah palin yesterday was all his . that is fu**ing awesome ! tips@mediaite.com super intense dream bout u just now .
wells fargo also said tolstedt has agreed not to exercise some $ 34 million in stock options , the bank ' s independent directors announced tuesday . during the company ' s investigation , stumpf will work for free . the us state ' s sanctions against the bank will take effect immediately and remain in place for a year , said its officials . he is expected to face another tough questioning similar to his appearance before the senate banking committee last week . california , meanwhile . image copyright afp wells fargo chief executive john stumpf will forfeit $ 41m ( £ 31.5m ) in bonuses as the bank tries to deal with a scandal over its sales practices .
by now , though , every crackpot and lunatic in america will have seen jones ' s success and be ready to ape it . this way he gets to save face , extend his 15 minutes of fame a little longer , all without actually burning any qur ' ans . jones started to make noise in gainesville in the summer of 2009 , when he posted latest reports suggest that no such thing was agreed but that won ' t matter to jones . 11 terrorist attacks . david h. mr. it had been scheduled for saturday , the ninth anniversary of the sept.
— john grisham , the chamber , the rise of fascism in europe before world war ii story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . bet you never thought you ' d read a sentence that included those two words . " trump , " for one , but also " bigly , " " alt-right , " and others we constantly heard during the presidential election season and its aftermath . ' fascism ' is still our #1 lookup . anything change ?
there have been more than 450 drug killings in monterrey and nuevo leon state this year . federal police eventually took custody of the two young men and drove them to the town ' s small military base . " we don ' t know why they chose to get mixed up in crime , " he says . another person travelling with rodriguez was also killed in the attack , reforma newspaper reported , but police declined to comment . three others fled into a nearby cotton field , where one was later found dead . monterrey , mexico ( reuters ) - suspected drug hitmen killed the mayor of a town outside mexico ' s northern business city of monterrey on thursday , the fourth public official slain in little over a month , police said .
after each coupling , which lasted between dozens of seconds and a few minutes , every slug discarded its penis -- a thread-like organ that it projects from its side into a partner ' s vagina . " they are both donating sperm to the other one . more » copyright © 2013 afp . all rights reserved . the animals perform dual sexual roles during copulation . " i haven ' t seen anything like this before , " he said . " but the finding that one species has added another layer of complexity to copulation surprised the sea slug expert .
knox was imprisoned at the capanne prison in perugia since she was arrested in 2007 for the murder of her british roommate meredith kercher . " the new trial is expected to start sometime next year , according to knox ' s lawyer . knox ' s memoir is a vivid personal account of the difficulties of prison life in italy , complete with claims about inappropriate behaviour by staff . but knox herself once painted a different picture . police find her a day later . so there is a possibility she will be found guilty again , " bachrach said .
during his trial , a roman catholic nun who visited tsarnaev in prison said he expressed sympathy for the victims of the bombings . " my concern is to make sure it is not a story_separator_special_tag boston ( ap/cbs ) — will he finally speak ? and god save osama bin laden . " other convicted terrorists have used their time for diatribes . " " whatever would be said , i think , would be viewed as too little , too late . when the judge asked if he had anything to say , he referenced a 1928 supreme court case over government wiretapping and privacy rights .
” “for me , as a young woman of color , who is a reporter and a fan of popular culture , i was deeply disappointed that someone who was seen as america ’ s grandfather was susceptible to such disturbing behavior and felt comfortable enough to do that as cameras were rolling , and that he could take claim of my body and look at it before even looking into my eyes. see more on the accusations against the actor in the video below . employees present did not notice anything . related content : related : morgan freeman accused of harassment and inappropriate behavior by 8 women news : jeffrey tambor accused of verbal harassment by ' arrested development ' co-star jessica walter news : gwyneth paltrow says she loves brad pitt for confronting harvey weinstein
thamba said " he didn ' t feel anything and he ate the remainder of his cookie all at once . this was the first reported death in colorado linked to marijuana consumption without evidence of polysubstance use since the state approved recreational use of marijuana in 2012. hancock-allen , msn1,2 ; lisa barker2 ; michael vandyke , phd2 ; dawn b. the group purchased four cookies , one for each one of them , at a price of $ 10 apiece . cdphe reviewed autopsy and police reports to assess factors associated with his death and to guide prevention efforts .
i was watching it everyday , i was becoming a little obsessive , ” hootnick said . sally thought she left her ipad on the seat next to her on an american airlines flight that ended in new york city , reports the post-standard . and then it started traveling around ! it sat there for two days . kennedy international airport . and they didn ' t . using another computer , she found the ipad . the neat thing about high-falutin ' technology these days is that if you lose it , many times you can use software to track it .
goto entered the area controlled by the islamic state in october for first-hand coverage , a task he has done for years to shed light on the plight of the innocent victims of conflicts . japan ' s national police agency , meanwhile , said it was dispatching a counter-terrorism team , activated when japanese citizens are abducted overseas 29. 24. in an e-mail sent to ito on oct. in a video posted online on jan. " " we will not yield to terrorism , and there is no change to our position of contributing to campaigns against terror in international society , " suga said wednesday , reiterating remarks made immediately after the video surfaced .
howard klein was arrested for soliciting prostitution in the area of leonard street and broadway avenue nw in july . prosecutors said that given his age and the fact that he had no prior criminal record , he did not seem to pose a danger to society . however , klein denied trying to pick up a prostitute . 1 . grand rapids , mich. klein was arrested along with two other men and two women , the rest of whom were booked into the kent county jail . ( wood ) — prosecutors have dropped the case against an 87-year-old man charged with soliciting a prostitute .
corado as she was exiting the market and was in close proximity to atkins , ” moore said . before saturday ’ s shootout at trader joe ’ s , atkins allegedly shot and wounded his grandmother , who remains hospitalized , and 17-year-old girlfriend . 11 : 40 a.m. watch it below . “ms . 14. " the chief said the officers will forever in their minds debate their actions . the slaying is attributed to atkins even though he did not fire the fatal bullet because he is held to have caused the entire situation .
" that ranges from reports from b.c . in 2015 , there were 1,267 reported sightings of ufos , second only to 1,981 in 2012. " the [ report ] does show that people continue to see things in the sky and whether that ' s an example of more education that ' s needed or simply an encouragement to get people to look up more instead of staring at their cellphones , i think it ' s important that we do continue to talk about this , " he said . a mysterious object crashing into lake winnipeg .
the root problem with the wolfman is that it ' s a hybrid . it turns out to be his last . it ' s all here , in grains and drams . " ( i ' m sorry story_separator_special_tag awroooooooo ! in an inspired casting touch , benicio del toro stars as lawrence talbot , a traveling actor returning to over the years , there have been numerous cinematic encounters with lycanthropy , but the wolf man is to werewolves what dracula is to vampires . since lon chaney jr. until now . he takes a deep breath .
the ayatollah said trump ’ s statement on the 2015 landmark nuclear deal , also known as the joint comprehensive plan of action ( jcpoa ) , contained “more than 10 lies ” . it was struck under mr trump ' s predecessor , barack obama . barbara plett usher explains france ' s foreign minister jean-yves le drian says the iranian nuclear deal is " not dead " despite us president donald trump ' s decision to withdraw . " i said many times from the first day : don ' t trust america , " he said in comments carried on his official website .
it ' s a win for open internet activists , but for the average consumer , it ' s not clear exactly what will change . the federal communications commission is set to vote thursday on broad new rules to enforce the principle of net neutrality — the idea that internet providers should treat all traffic on their networks equally . brent skorup , story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . ... fcc chairman tom wheeler agrees . greg walden , r-ore. , research analyst . 8 , 2014 . , said wednesday .
the legislation is the first major rewrite of the nation ' s criminal justice sentencing laws in a generation . in his remarks on wednesday , mr. lawmakers reached agreement this week on legislation that would boost rehabilitation efforts for federal prisoners and give judges more discretion when sentencing nonviolent offenders , particularly for drug offenses . trump himself is leery of appearing weak on crime , and he has been susceptible to arguments from opponents of a sentencing overhaul that endorsing one could arm his critics . did i hear that word ? sessions ’ s temporary replacement , matthew g.
a shark expert said friday that , based on its behavior and ransom ’ s injury , it most likely was a great white . the last fatality in california was in 2008 story_separator_special_tag spencer weiner , ap sponsored links surf beach , calif. the shark appeared to be about 18 to 20 feet long , he said . ( oct. he was from riverside county , just outside los angeles.the area where today ' s attack occurred is before they plunged into the chilly waters , ransom pulled out his cellphone . there was no warning , garcia said .
so now that it ' s here , what ' s hbo ' s standalone service like to use ? for one , hbo is reserving the right to change the amount of simultaneous streams that customers can watch whenever it chooses and without warning . hbo now has officially launched across apple tv and ios . things seem to be settling now , but some users are still experiencing problems . ... and if you sign up this month , you ’ ll get a free 30-day trial . story_separator_special_tag time warner inc. at least , not yet .
” trump ’ s snub of the wisconsin republican — he told the post that ryan sought his endorsement — comes a day after he thanked nehlen via twitter , blasting out the lesser-known candidate ’ s handle to his 10.5 million followers . ) in their primary races . ryan and sen. “we need very strong leadership . john mccain ( r-ariz. i reject it . " a religious test for entering our country is not reflective of america ' s fundamental values . and he hasn ' t been shy about criticizing trump . both have story_separator_special_tag trump thanks paul ryan ' s house challenger for supporting him in khan dispute enlarge this image toggle caption win mcnamee/getty images win mcnamee/getty images rep.
, and sen. , pause during questioning of supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh about his time in the ... he says he thought harlan ' s practice was a " good model for a federal judge " to follow . members of the senate judiciary committee , from left , chairman chuck grassley , r-iowa , sen. kavanaugh confirmation hearing likely to focus on abortion , gun rights and more but kavanaugh said the allegations against kozinski – who has denied the accusations through his attorney – are part of a broader national issue and said there should be a better system story_separator_special_tag sen.
" " our deepest sympathies go to the franco family . scant details are trickling in about zawahri , who was killed by police at santa monica college on friday -- the day before his 24th birthday . the elder franco died at the scene . he was just a great asset to the college . ” carlos franco was driving marcela to campus to buy books for her summer classes at the college when zawahri fired at their ford explorer . “he was a dedicated husband and father and an integral part of the santa monica college family .
” photos : nicole kidman in vanity fair throughout the years when asked about the unreal level of fame she endured during her marriage to cruise , kidman says , “there is something about that sort of existence that , if you really focus on each other and you ’ re in that bubble , it ’ s very intoxicating , because it ’ s just the two of you . " we never text . and i needed to grow up. so i see it through a different perspective. i ’ d rather revolve around somebody else ’ s career and then still find my own.
snafu puts thousands of american airlines holiday flights in peril close just in time for the holidays , a computer glitch could cause 15,000 american airlines flights to be pilotless . " the system went from responsibly scheduling everybody to becoming santa claus to everyone , " apa spokesman dennis tajer said to cnbc . you got it. but the pilots ' union is urging crews not to take these assignments because they might violate the union contract . it was unclear how much the scheduling problem will cost american airlines , if anything . " we have reserve pilots to help cover flying in december , and we are paying pilots who pick up certain open trips 150 percent of their hourly rate — as much as we are allowed to pay them per the contract , " he said .
brundage failed to reach the driver through the app and enlisted a group of waiting uber drivers to help . the professional poker player ’ s black tote , filled with $ 7,000 in cash and playing chips , was missing . uber spokeswoman maui cheska orozo says this is likely the most expensive item ever left in an uber car in las vegas . ” contact art marroquin at amarroquin@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0336. brundage isn ’ t alone . he hung up . a trip to the casino cage started in a panic for jacob brundage .
speakers at the protest said they want to bring justice for people killed by police . " it ' s a wound that won ' t heal . temako williams walked arm in arm with academic and activist cornel west , one of the organizers . a demonstrator holds his hands in the air during a rally to protest against police brutality saturday , oct. hundreds marched up sixth avenue . no arrests were reported . ( associated press ) dr. 24 , 2015. . . “i think it ’ s very disrespectful , ” his cousin shauntel abrams , 27 , said of the protest as she and other relatives gathered at the church of the nazarene in far rockaway ahead of holder ’ s funeral wednesday .
gilleo ( 1994 ) ) . hornick , in a post on the west long branch residents page on facebook , contends that his flag is no different than a for-sale sign or a flag in support of an organization . thanks to keith kaplan for the pointer . the city may impose some content-neutral speech restrictions that apply equally to all signs ( though some such signs have to be allowed , see city of ladue v. they ' ve been ripped down five times so far . " i ' m not a football fan , i ' m not a sports fan , but i ' m surely a donald trump fan , " he told nbc 4 new york .
dereck james " d.j . subscribe two men were in custody sunday after a day-long manhunt in wyoming in connection with the alleged kidnapping and assault of a utah woman and her four daughters . at that point , he " immediately started working with local investigators to locate his son dereck , " county police said in a release . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . it is unclear whether they will face additional charges in wyoming , where the elder harrison is registered as a sex offender for attempted forcible sexual abuse in 2001 , according to the wyoming division of criminal investigation .
dennis hastert . " story_separator_special_tag wheaton college announced sunday that dennis hastert ' s name is no longer associated with its center for economics , government , and public policy , following federal charges against the former u.s. house speaker and the school ' s decision to accept hastert ' s resignation from the center ' s board . we do not have further comment at this time . madigan served alongside hastert in the illinois legislature in 1980s . dennis hastert . the college respects mr. the indictment accuses hastert of agreeing to pay $ 3.5 million to a longtime acquaintance to cover up wrongdoing in his past , then lying to the fbi when asked about the suspicious cash withdrawals from several banks .
brussow had been with williams and her family on vacation to the bahamas . jonathan brussow and athena williams athena williams “me and jonathan , we knew we were going to get married . ” as the couple readied to start their lives as young adults , brussow felt the time was right to ask for his longtime girlfriend ’ s hand in marriage . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . they did not find anything . the pond began to dry up later in the week and the body was discovered friday , march 9 in the depression area , brad brussow said .
nojay ’ s four-page memo was called. window._taboola = window._taboola &#124; &#124; [ ] ; _taboola.push( { mode : ' thumbnails-c ' , container : ' taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : ' interstitial gallery thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : ' mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push( { flush : true } ) ; photo : lori van buren image 1 of / 3 caption close image 1 of 3 assemblyman bill nojay speaks during an anti-safe act rally at the west capitol park on tuesday , june 11 , 2013 , in albany , n.y.
cnbc is a competitor of bloomberg in reporting and distributing business news on the web and on television . the person did not recall which specific functions he saw , but said it would have been at a broad level . ( read more : wall street : how much does bloomberg know ? please try again later . an error has occurred . invalid email address . view all new york times newsletters . daniel l. thank you for subscribing . ” mr. doctoroff , chief executive of bloomberg l.p. and a close confidant to the company ’ s founder , michael r.
“the president wants to put the best people around him to execute his policy.“ white house deputy press secretary raj shah on monday afternoon declined to discuss shulkin ' s future , saying there will be “no personnel announcements ” when he was asked about the secretary at the white house press briefing . you can unsubscribe at any time . sign up for politico playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox . cnn ' s jeff zeleny has reported two officials said shulkin remains the most vulnerable cabinet member .
it was unclear what the heart was intended for and whether anyone ' s life was ever in danger . the captain went on to explain that the heart should have been left in seattle after an earlier flight from sacramento . but no seattle-area hospitals said they were involved . spokeswomen for regional organ-procurement organizations in washington and california both said they never use commercial flights for heart transplants . donated heart valves once processed ” “nothing is more important to us than the safety of our customers and the safe delivery of the precious cargo we transport every day , ” landson said .
and we were gonna be armed . " of course , revere was in fact trying to warn john hancock and samuel adams about the approaching british army . abc news ' sheila marikar ( @ sheilaym ) reports : perhaps this week ' s lesson in the annals of american history was necessary for sarah palin . had he used bells , or had he warned the people with whom america was at war , palin ' s tour bus might have chugged through the northeast on the left side of the road . the transcript : he who warned , uh , the the british that they weren ’ t gonna be takin ’ away our arms , uh , by ringin ’ those bells and , um , by makin ’ sure that as he ’ s ridin ’ his horse through town to send those warnin ’ shots and bells that , uh , we were gonna be secure and we were gonna be free and we were gonna be armed .
macron ' s party is en marche ! “most espionage groups have tradecraft to stay low and slow , and remain in a system as long as possible . story_separator_special_tag the campaign of the french presidential candidate emmanuel macron has been targeted by what appear to be the same russian operatives responsible for hacks of democratic campaign officials before last year ’ s american presidential election , a cybersecurity firm warns in a new report . " these are usual cyberattack tactics . that number exploded in early 2016 , when it first crossed 15. in october , there were 26.
the point is that believing in global warming is not " mainstream , " smart , or sophisticated . as a result of the embarrassment caused by the release earlier this year of its internal funding documents , the us car giant gm pulled the plug on its funding for heartland . you also have to just countless jonah goldbergs seeking to cash in . mann and ornstein are correct . read them both here . other global warming alarmists who may appear on future billboards include osama bin laden and james j. in fact , some really crazy people use it to justify immoral and frightening behavior .
it could begin as early as wednesday . controlled burns have been done and tested before , admiral landry said , and had been shown to be “effective in burning 50 to 95 percent of oil collected in a fire boom. an estimated 42,000 gallons a day are now spilling into the gulf of mexico . about 3 % of it is a heavy , pudding-like crude oil . still , even if it never compares to the exxon valdes spill ' s size , if it makes landfall it ' ll have serious ecological repercussions . rear adm.
it ’ s an ingenious publicity stunt and , if you squint hard enough , a commentary on the way music is valued in the digital age . others do something about it . sleepify seems derivative of john cage ’ s work. he says that spotify does a great job of presenting his music to fans and believes that about 10 percent of new fans come to the band through the service . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . there are precedents here , for both good and evil . vulfpeck plans to use the proceeds to go on tour .
after leaving the white house , scheib started his own private chef business and co-authored a book , “white house chef : eleven years , two presidents , one kitchen. ( associated press ) the new mexico state patrol says the body of 61-year-old walter scheib was found sunday night near a hiking trail in mountains in the taos area . bush ’ s tenure . authorities are searching ... menus . elizabeth armijo , according to nbc news . michaels , md . you may not recognize walter scheib ’ s name right off the bat , but there ’ s no doubt that you ’ re familiar with his work .
federal election commission decision that led to the rise of super pacs . before the republican winner of the iowa caucus had been determined on tuesday night , vermont ’ s independent senator bernie sanders appeared on the set of comedy central ’ s the colbert report , touting a new book and his petition to overturn the 2010 u.s. supreme court citizens united v. “they do not have freedom of expression rights in terms of buying elections. john romney refusing to call them off and refusing to be honest about it. © stephen coburn - fotolia.com note : this story has been updated for clarity .
flier ' s client was facing up to a year in jail and the attorney was prepared to offer closing arguments in the case on wednesday . he welcomed anybody , " flier said . " i think because of his celebrity status and because of his personality , i think ( the jury ) would have followed him . hanks ' appearance didn ' t only affect proceedings inside the courtroom . story_separator_special_tag tom hanks just a normal juror tom hanks -- just a normal juror exclusive just left an l.a. courthouse after spending a day in the jury box ...
” during her appearance on the late show , stephen colbert took a moment to address that moment in her life . “i wasn ’ t even thinking what i was doing and photographs were taken and that image went out and the image makes it look like i was against our soldiers , which was never the case . have a tip we should know ? get the cbs app for iphone &amp; ipad ! story_separator_special_tag published on sep 20 , 2018 the great jane fonda remembers richard nixon ' s determined efforts to silence her political activism , which is detailed in the new hbo documentary ' jane fonda in five acts .
“we ’ luckily queensland health supplied us with our flights down to the hospital and allow me to live with rumer in the hospital . rumer is daddys girl and his biggest inspiration . i ’ m feeling really strong and confident now. she has a 50 % chance of recovery . in the case of cooper wallace in victoria and his parents cassie batten and rhett wallace . thank you ! rumer is absolutely delightful . rumer maujean ' s cancer fight my name is sacha maujean and i am a sole parent to my 2 beautiful daughters romany maujean aged 10 and rumer maujean aged 2.
the news for cnn has been bad for a long time , but it got especially bad in the second quarter of this year . “piers morgan tonight ” is down -29 % and -33 % , respectively . his show is expanding to three hours beginning friday , taking over cnn ’ s recently cancelled john king u.s.a. at 7 pm , erin burnett outfront , which debuted in october replacing a then-moving john king u.s.a. it is worth noting that q2 2011 had several notable news events that boosted cable news ratings , including the death of osama bin laden and the royal wedding .
a police official says 15 armed assailants attacked two vans on a french highway carrying millions of ... it was the latest in a string of big jewel heists in france . the large vans , which were transporting jewels for a planned sale in the eastern city of besançon , were found burnt and abandoned not far from the toll station . one of them was completely ripped apart . then just over a year later , in december 2008 , four men – cannes jewellery heist takes shine off stars on red carpet day read more attacks on special vehicles carrying jewels or cash often require equipment such as explosives or assault rifles , and while they occurred regularly at the beginning of the 2000s in france , they have dwindled in recent years .
story_separator_special_tag a north carolina high school student shot and killed a fellow student during a fight in a crowded school hallway monday , officials said , prompting a lockdown and generating an atmosphere of chaos and fear as dozens of parents rushed to the school to make sure their children were safe . ___ follow drew at www.twitter.com/jonathanldrew " he said the system was reviewing its security procedures . stason tyrrell . neither the suspect nor the victim ' s names or ages were immediately released . investigators have the weapon used , but have not said what it is .
he talked about the ups and downs in flushing meadows and his satisfaction that he had left it all out on court during his career . roddick , who cruised to a straight-sets victory over rhyne williams in the first round on tuesday , faces australia ' s bernard tomic next . i don ' t know that i want to disrespect the game by coasting home . no north american male tennis player has yet to win a grand slam singles title since . that , for him , was retirement . " or more unstable . a year later roddick beat juan carlos ferrero of spain in the u.s. open final and finished the year atop the rankings .
impact of a government shutdown a government shutdown this week is interrupting services and jeopardizing the paychecks of more than 800,000 federal workers . national parks from yosemite to acadia will be closed . ( spoiler : they probably won ’ t. it would be illegal for them to conduct any work until they were called back to their jobs . the remainder -- 17,701 people -- will be furloughed . capitol in washington , monday , sept. oct. they will be paid , as will other workers who are deemed essential , but their pay may be delayed this version has been corrected .
on friday , dec. the national weather service determined the home was hit by a weak tornado that was 50 yards wide and traveled less than a mile . parts of alabama and florida were on tornado watch for much of saturday and the same storm system triggered flash flooding in parts of alabama . ( associated press ) debris from a house lies in a pile on lindbergh boulevard in sunset hills , mo . tornadoes fueled by unusually warm air struck the south and midwest on friday , killing at least ... " it just annihilated it .
we have made many changes to how we do these wide crawls since this particular example , but we wanted to make the data available “warts and all ” for people to experiment with . the super committee was reid ’ s contribution to the bipartisan agreement to end the debt-limit fight . “the select committee is no place for someone whose top priority is fundraising and politics , ” priebus said . house minority leader nancy pelosi ( d-calif. murray will serve as co-chairwoman of the 12-member panel . “to achieve that goal , i have appointed three senators who each posses an expertise in budget matters , a commitment to a balanced approach and a track record of forging bipartisan consensus.
in graduation rates over time , the chronicle compared graduation rates at public and private research universities in 2002 and 2008 , surveying students who enrolled in 1996 and 2002 , respectively . institution change in percentage points , 2003-8 change in averaged graduation rates** change in admissions selectivity 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 clark atlanta u 14 13 none 31 % 31 % 34 % n/a 40 % 44 % 45 % trevecca nazarene u 13 15 more 30 % 37 % 39 % 40 % 48 % 48 % 50 % stevens inst of tech 13 12 more 65 % 66 % 75 % 72 % 73 % 76 % 79 % yeshiva u 10 3 less 88 % 72 % 55 % 81 % 66 % 84 % 83 % adelphi u 10 12 more 48 % 53 % 53 % 54 % 61 % 63 % 64 % northeastern u 10 10 more 56 % 60 % 60 % 61 % 65 % 66 % 70 % u of la verne 10 11 none 47 % 50 % 47 % 52 % 51 % 59 % 60 % u of miami 9 10 none 65 % 67 % 71 % 71 % 73 % 76 % 77 % u of hartford 8 4 none 55 % 52 % 53 % 56 % 51 % 54 % 60 % u of tulsa 8 4 more 63 % 55 % 60 % 61 % 61 % 63 % 63 % u of southern california 7 8 more 76 % 81 % 82 % 83 % 84 % 85 % 88 % vanderbilt u 6 6 more 84 % 83 % 86 % 88 % 89 % 91 % 89 % biola u 6 7 more 63 % 64 % 62 % 69 % 67 % 71 % 70 % carnegie mellon u 6 5 none 82 % 81 % 85 % 86 % 86 % 87 % 87 % brigham young u 6 6 none 71 % 74 % 70 % 70 % 78 % 78 % 79 % clarkson u 6 5 none 66 % 64 % 64 % 71 % 70 % 70 % 70 % george washington u 6 5 none 73 % 75 % 79 % 78 % 79 % 78 % 81 % new york u 6 6 more 78 % 79 % 80 % 83 % 84 % 84 % 84 % azusa pacific u 6 7 more 55 % 57 % 62 % 86 % 56 % 65 % 63 % u of rochester 6 3 none 81 % 78 % 81 % 80 % 80 % 81 % 84 % clark u 5 5 more 71 % 68 % 69 % 70 % 72 % 76 % 73 % drexel u 5 6 none 57 %
requests for an interview with the host of " interviews before execution " ding yu , were denied . in china , 55 crimes are punishable by death . the show ran for just over five years , until it was taken off air on friday . the move follows a handful of reports about the show in foreign media , which were triggered by a documentary to be screened on the bbc tonight and on pbs international in the near future . few people know of it outside of henan province in central china . that number cannot
, " cerf said . “she discovers that there ' s an awful lot of digital content that either has evaporated because nobody saved it , or its around but it ' s not interpretable because it was created by software that ' s 100 years old . speaking at the annual meeting of the american association for the advancement of science taking place in san jose , california , vint cerf , one of the men credited with the invention of internet and a current vice president of google , warned relying solely on digital data storage to keep books , texts and photographs may be short-sighted .
in that short amount of time , they ’ ve managed to sign up well north of 10 million users , which is amazing . google+ started off with a bang — a big one . and linkedin corp. and that also spurred usage . keeping those users around and engaged . google+ visits had risen 283 percent in the week ended july 16. that ’ s a lot easier said than done . almost everything shared remains about google ( or worse , google+ itself ) . i rarely find that i am . but now things are calming down .
the suit alleges that hard rock ' s servers and bartenders , who make less than minimum wage , had to share tips with kitchen staffers who made sure food was garnished and prepared properly . " " in this economy , servers and bartenders need all the tips they can get . in orlando , a pair of restaurant workers are suing their former employer , hard rock cafe ( the biggest one in the world , btw ) , alleging that the company ripped them off by taking their tips and divvying them up among the kitchen staff .
" until the recent discovery of water in and on the moon , this was going to be a very energy-intensive endeavor to separate these elements from the lunar rocks and soil . 29 , 2012 , in montebello , ca . " it remained uncertain where all of this water might come from , although some apparently came from ice-rich comets . hydrogen atoms come in a variety of isotopes , each with a different number of neutrons in their nuclei — regular hydrogen has no neutrons , while the isotope known as deuterium has one in each atomic
a set of talking points the white house offered as a guide for president donald trump ' s supporters had a singular message on the fallout from a violent white nationalist rally in charlottesville : " the president was entirely correct . ” added sen. this bigotry is counter to all this country stands for . marco rubio ( r-fla. ) said on twitter , “mr . there can be no moral ambiguity. " " ... “i think there ’ s blame on both sides , ” trump told reporters tuesday at trump tower .
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . saturday ’ s match promises to be extra poignant . psg to wear a special " je suis paris " jersey for the next two matches https://t.co/8oveh7i7cj pic.twitter.com/uo6ezln91n — psg english ( @psg_english ) november 23 , 2015 “in tribute to the victims of nov. it ’ s a major source of revenue , which clubs then use to buy nice things like expensive players . the team will wear the new jerseys during wednesday ’ s champions league match against malmö and during saturday ’ s ligue 1 home match against troyes .
, festival who was traumatized by the sounds during eminem ' s set . " i have grown up loving eminem and his music but i was extremely triggered to the point of tears . rapper eminem performed at the bonnaroo music festival in tennessee this weekend , causing panic among concertgoers when one of his songs ended with realistic gunshot sound effects . see more story_separator_special_tag update : a rep for eminem gave e ! 12 , 2017 in london . he has used this effect - as have hundreds of other artists - in his live show for over 10 years , including previous u.s. festival dates , without complaint .
the video shows a masked man standing over a severed head which he says is that of mr kassig . 2015 , isis said the hostage was killed by a jordanian airstrike . ( associated press ) in this undated photo provided by the kassig family , peter kassig , is shown with his maternal grandparents . a new graphic video purportedly produced by islamic state militants in syria released sunday ... she was particularly moved to help children who have been orphaned and separated from their families . but the latter part shows the beheading of 18 syrian prisoners in revolting , lingering detail .
civilians and rebels prevented from leaving as shelling resumes despite ceasefire deal brokered by turkey and russia iran-backed militias are preventing civilians and opposition fighters from leaving the besieged districts of east aleppo as russia struggles to convince the assad government and allied militants to abide by a ceasefire agreement . rahim safavi , a senior adviser to iran ' s supreme leader , said that after aleppo , " americans have realized that the islamic republic of iran is the top player in southwest asia . ( 0400 gmt ) on thursday . gen. an official in the jabha shamiya rebel group said implementation would begin around 6 a.m.
mckernan ’ s company , medicinal genomics , is making the data public using amazon.com inc. and in case you ’ re wondering : the dna was extracted and prepped for sequencing in a laboratory in amsterdam . sativa genome to be about 400 million bases – roughly three times the genome of that other weed , the model plant arabidopsis thaliana . open access mckernan said his company ’ s goal is to allow researchers to find ways to maximize the cannabis plant ’ s therapeutic benefits and minimize its psychoactive effects . , which combined with invitrogen corp.
justin timberlake : ' i haven ' t spoken to britney spears in a decade ' email this talk about love ' em and leave ' em , " we were two birds of the same feather -- small-town kids , doing the same thing , " timberlake told vanity fair . ’ it ’ s refuge. ? ... styled by jessica diehl . ‘oh , thank god — finally , somebody who knows how i feel. that ’ s the art of staying together , is changing together , ” he says . “why do you think we wind up dating each other , and feeling more comfortable around each other ?
governor bill walker said alaska would accept $ 146 million in federal funds made available under president barack obama ' s signature healthcare reform law , citing nearly 30 other states that have expanded medicaid coverage . walker , an independent , has already had several expansion efforts blocked by the republican-led state legislature since he took office after winning the november 2014 election . why ? because it helps their residents , their economies and their budgets , " walker told reporters in anchorage . johnson and eric beech ) story_separator_special_tag alaska ’ s gov . expansion opponents have said alaska should not risk the possibility the federal government would pull the program and leave the state committed to something it cannot afford .
the threat came thursday night when a caller indicated there were five devices in the building , according to a law enforcement source . read more this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) police and cnn have issued an all-clear message after the network ' s new york offices and studios were evacuated thursday night because of a phoned-in bomb threat . " the nypd has now given us the all clear , and employees have been permitted to return to the building , " cnn worldwide president jeff zucker said in an internal memo to staff .
the inspector general ’ s report also questions whether a new $ 23 million road in helmand province will have adverse effects because the afghan government has not compensated landowners for the destruction of their property . many u.s. military commanders , diplomats and reconstruction experts have long believed that large infrastructure projects were essential to fixing iraq and afghanistan . “we cannot just throw money at a country like this and expect it to have a good ending. claire mccaskill ( d-mo . when u.s. army maj. david h. now-retired gen. sen.
( ap photo ) ( associated press ) president barack obama makes a statement on libya , friday , march 18 , 2011 , in the east room of the white house in washington . the uprising against gadhafi is only one of many struggles being played out in the region as long-time autocratic regimes come under pressure . " the president has been criticized by u.s. lawmakers and others for not moving more forcefully while gadhafi has regrouped in recent days and taken the offensive against the rebels . ' no mercy on his own citizens . he emphasized that the united states was not acting alone but in concert with britain , france and arab countries he did not name .
1. ronaldo ' s three goals earn portugal a point for a guy whose deeds are so often defined by numbers , whether it ' s the fact that he has more goals than games for real madrid or the fact that nobody has more ballon d ' or awards stashed away in his trophy cabinet , there was one that seemed out of sync before this world cup began : three , as in the number of goals that cristiano ronaldo had scored in the world cup to date . what did ronaldo do ? and he equals the legendary ferenc puskas , the most prolific european-born international goalscorer in history and the second most-prolific overall .
yoshiki fujimoto was found wednesday by a volunteer searcher barefooted and sitting on a mossy stone in the middle of a stream on a mountain about 68 hours after he had become unaccounted for in the town of suo-oshima on yashiro island in yamaguchi prefecture , just shy of the 72 hours after which the chance of survival is believed to drop . the child clung to his mother , saying , “mommy. " but i thought my heart was going to stop . 12 . " i shouted ' yo-chan ' , " haruo obata told local television , a red towel wrapped around his head against the summer heat .
' ” “simpsons ” exec producers matt groening , al jean and brooks confirmed the news , releasing a statement that read “harry shearer was offered the same deal the rest of the cast accepted , and passed . email me on this one . burns “i want to die quietly on my own term crushing as many of those baby sea turtles as i possibly can. ... you have asthma ? maggie took it hard. we ’ re still trying . case dismissed. move along. brooks made a public appeal to keep negotiations going on twitter on thursday .
the center said there is no substitute for human blood and every type is needed . “we could be seeing an increase number of aedes aegypti now in the coming weeks , ” he said about the mosquito species that carries the zika virus . strong floodwaters often wash away mosquito eggs , which would be good news . sean dowling ( @seandowlingtv ) has more . mustapha debboun , director of mosquito control at texas ' harris county public health and environmental services , told usa today in april that flooding can " create plenty of breeding habitats for mosquitoes , which will increase in larger populations as the temperature and humidity rises .
however , in some cases we must make business exceptions : we don ' t run cigarette ads because they are hazardous to our health , and we won ' t accept trump ads for the exact same reason . " buzzfeed has had an at times contentious relationship with the trump campaign , with their reporters being denied credentials or general entry to trump rallies and being directly targeted by the campaign and trump himself . " a spokesman for the rnc did not respond to a request for comment from buzzfeed , but rnc senior strategist sean spicer told cnn that the rnc never intended to use buzzfeed as a platform .
some even said biden ' s tone with hill bordered on disbelief of her accusations . " we ’ re now at a point here where we have a chance to change the culture , " he said . as much as i tried to intervene , i did not have the power to gavel them out of order . and i insisted the next election — i campaigned for two women senators on the condition that if they won they would come on the judiciary committee , so there would never be again all men making a judgment on this , " biden said .
but apple disagrees : putrid , fart-based comedy goes against the sophisticated , elegant image it ’ s promoting for the watch . story_separator_special_tag smartwatches and fart apps are basically a match made in heaven : a remotely-triggered whoopee cushion , basically . [ cult of mac ] you can sign up to be notified when it launches here . then again , it ’ s hard to sell something like the apple watch as a luxe fashion accessory when celebrities like pharrel and beyoncé are using their apple watches to fart on command . apple ’ s dislike for fart apps was disclosed through its rejection of the ( creatively named ) fart watch app , which did exactly what it says on the tin .
after managing a busy maryland restaurant for years , sage said , she wanted a change and submitted the winning essay to acquire the sprawling inn and restaurant in a previous contest . ” neither sage nor the adamses could be reached for comment monday . entrants into the center lovell inn contest had been told the winner would be chosen by an independent , local panel of judges . john . . . advertisement now , dozens of unsuccessful contestants are crying foul about what they argue , among other concerns , was deceptive advertising . maine state police said their investigation is narrowly tailored to determine whether the contest violated state law on games of skill .
raúl labrador ( r-idaho ) is taking a look at challenging mccarthy , and a source familiar with his thinking said he ' s " getting a lot of encouragement from members . ) as the only candidate to replace rep. 2 republican position in the house of representatives . ( reporting by susan cornwell ; editing by cooney ) paul ryan ( wis. peter roskam ( ill. steve scalise ( la . marlin stutzman ( ind . eric cantor ( r-va. ) and jim jordan ( ohio ) , have also passed on the race .
we ' re just here to get our stuff and that ' s it , " alva ' s husband said . jacob alva holds a spot in line for his wife , juanita salas , and her friend vicky torres outside of best buy in beaumont on tuesday . each year store manager eric tschudy said the number of “campers ” increases . people say a lot of different things . some stores have even begun opening their doors on the evening of thanksgiving day . " they say they ' re crazy , but then they come and ask us can you save a spot in line , or can you do this for us ?
wynn had sued francis over the latter ' s claims that wynn had threatened to have him killed and buried in the desert . and that could be an additional $ 60 mil.francis is worth a reported $ 150 million.francis tells tmz he believes the judge made 2 reversible and appealable errors -- one of which was allowing wynn to add the ' gma ' claim at the end of the trial . credit : associated press file photos " i think you heard her laugh , " wynn said . story_separator_special_tag a los angeles jury on monday awarded casino mogul steve wynn $ 20 million , after it found that he had been defamed by " girls gone wild " creator joe francis .
we know a lot about avatar – that it ' s james cameron first in fifteen years , that it ' s the first to use 3d in this way . sounds like the plot of a bad sci-film film . awestruck the final battle scene is 20 minutes long and absolutely mind-blowing . the film does not make you feel sick and it is not a disaster . alien nation ... and what action . click here to download the latest flash player . now — 12 years after titanic — he has sunk £ 300million into avatar to produce the most dazzling film of the decade .
he said he believed it was the first time the times had included a proposal in one of its puzzles . matthew dick thought of the cryptic way of popping the question to girlfriend delyth hughes and persuaded the newspaper to agree . " i was getting a bit teary and emotional , even if i did joke that i wouldn ' t marry him . a crossword-loving ... " the answer was proposal . " mr rogan , who lives in cheltenham , was contacted by mr dick on twitter . story_separator_special_tag london ( ap ) — it ' s a case of two down : the aisle .
” many of the complaints called for fines against colbert and cbs , but lawyers familiar with the fcc ’ s indecency and obscenity rules say that ’ s not going to happen . ” “i really thought we left this kind of bigotry in the wastebin of history , ” a new york city viewer said . you can unsubscribe at any time . petersburg , fla. morning media your guide to the media circus — weekday mornings , in your inbox . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
her partner harry shannon said bernadette was ' in hospital with her son ' . actor liam neeson ’ s nephew has been left fighting for his life in hospital after suffering a fall while on a night out with friends . he is pictured in a recent anderson cooper interview where he spoke about the tragic death of his wife natasha richardson in 2009 mr sexton was then rushed to hospital before being transferred to hurstwood park hospital in haywards heath , west sussex . there ' s periods now in our new york residence when i hear the door opening , especially the first couple of years ...
the test puts pressure on u.s. president barack obama on the day of his state of the union speech and also puts china in a tight spot , since it comes in defiance of beijing ' s admonishments to north korea to avoid escalating tensions . its kcna news agency said it had used a " miniaturized " and lighter nuclear device , indicating it had again used plutonium , which is suitable for use as a missile warhead . but within this basic contour there could be some adjustments by mr. , south korea , japan and russia .
in devaluing " looking at the international and domestic economic situation , currently there is no basis for a sustained depreciation trend for the yuan , " the people ' s bank of china ( pboc story_separator_special_tag stocks , currencies and commodities fall sharply across region as investors fear a stalling china economy and possible currency war despite beijing ’ s assurances china stunned the world ’ s financial markets on wednesday by devaluing its currency for a second consecutive day , triggering fears its economy is in worse shape than investors believed . in this tuesday , aug.
" for you to be seen with a black man wouldn ' t in any way jeopardize your career , if anything it would make you seem that much more open and exciting . story_separator_special_tag tupac shakur confesses in prison letter i dumped madonna because she was white tupac confesses in prison letter he dumped madonna because she was white exclusive tupac broke off his sexual relationship with madonna because she was white . it also shows that tupac had some great handwriting . it will go up for auction july 19-28 at gotta have rock and roll .
istat said it will be difficult to measure the illegal activities . “even if the impact is hard to quantify , it ’ s obvious it will have a positive impact on gdp , ” said giuseppe di taranto , economist and professor of financial history at rome ’ s luiss university . the move updates the previous system of national account measures implemented in 1995 , istat said in a news release . the change in methodology will also bring research and development and arms into the gdp calculation . expanding its measure of gdp to include these elements of the underground economy will likely add as much as 1 % to 2 % to italian gdp , the agency said .
“i ' m not a fan of secession , ” paul said . jack hunter , the aide to kentucky republican sen. hunter told the daily caller news foundation that he wanted to avoid being a distraction for paul and to clear his own name , which he argues is now unfairly associated with racism . ” chris haire , the charleston alt-weekly ’ s managing editor , also described newt gingrich , rush limbaugh , texas gov . rick perry and pat buchanan as racists . paul ( r-ky. yeah . ” the senator asked rhetorically .
it was found using the hubble space telescope and its distance was then confirmed with the ground-based keck observatory in hawaii . because the universe is expanding and everything is moving away from us , light waves are stretched . tilvi , a. in a study published oct. but many of these would-be candidates turned out to be much closer than previously thought , according to papovich . photograph by v. finkelstein/ c. tilvi/s.l . finkelstein , and aura. 24 in the journal nature , astronomers from the university of california at riverside explain that they ' ve discovered the most distant -- and therefore oldest -- galaxy yet .
i don ’ t agree with him a lot , but i very much think he ’ s in the mainstream of thought , ” graham said on cnn ’ s “state of the union . “he certainly has been outspoken on foreign policy and defense over the years . read more about : chuck hagel , ted cruz story_separator_special_tag freshman rep. ( also on politico : obama to pick hagel for pentagon ) “he ought to be given a fair hearing like any other nominee , and he will be , ” mcconnell ( r-ky.
the charge leveled by advocates of the war that obama has been " dithering " is as silly as is the counter-argument that the west has been itching for an excuse to invade libya to seize its oil . there are deaths everywhere . " what cease-fire , " asked a doctor in misrata . " we mean business . " he ' s moving about 250 tanks and rocket launchers in some towns in the nafusa mountains . " we are very determined , " yves sorokobi , a spokesman for u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon , said on sky news today .
the bahraini military ' s retreat came after a violent turn of events in the middle east on friday , as u.s.-allied governments in yemen and bahrain opened fire on their citizens , prompting britain and france to announce a halt in arms sales . soldiers confronted some thousands of protest marchers ... i ' m sure this kind of environment will help , " hussain said . obama says bahrain must respect the " universal rights " of its people and embrace " meaningful reform . 18 , 2011. he expressed condolences to the families of those killed .
in selma was not nominated for a best actor oscar . but , it didn ’ t happen . so there ’ s much to be happy about . after months and months of speculation , the academy of motion picture arts and sciences announced its academy award nominations this morning , honoring the supposedly best of 2014 in film . in the civil rights movement will be forever defined by the notion that it wasn ' t nice enough to a powerful white guy in a supporting role . who was ? for those left scratching their heads , here are some further things to ponder .
the head of the hospital where mr kernes is story_separator_special_tag photos : photos : crisis in ukraine crisis in ukraine – a man looks at a bullet shell next to a destroyed car after a gunfight between pro-russian militiamen and ukrainian forces in karlivka , ukraine , on friday , may 23. ( ap photo/pavel golovkin ) ( associated press ) armed insurgents tacitly backed by moscow are seeking more autonomy in the region from the interim government in kiev . the us has meanwhile expanded sanctions to include targets linked to president vladimir putin ' s " inner circle " .
moussa also said he met with sudan ' s ambassador , who reaffirmed that the sudanese government is not harboring kony and that the area is a " no-man ' s land . , dropping from 420,000 people in march 2013 to 160,000 in march of this year . " a report from u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon last week said there are credible sources suggesting kony and other senior l.r.a . however , the force has shown itself adept at avoiding capture and continues to launch attacks despite being hunted by ugandan troops with the support of us special forces .
” the aclu listed the stories of five people who said they were doing nothing illegal when they were “taken for a ride ” by detroit police . mary ’ s church , frisked him for loose change , and insisted that he throw out any money in his pockets , removed him from greektown and dropped him off around 6 mile road on the detroit ’ s eastside . ( read about them here ) . • charles e. “therefore , it would be inappropriate to provide further comment without reviewing the specific allegations. in january 2012 , dennis was again standing outside st.
*** update *** in today ' s brief one-sentence order rejecting the virginia request , there ' s no indication that any justices were recused . three other judges , also in virginia and in michigan and washington , dc , have found the law constitutional . the case still could reach the high court in time for a decision by early summer 2012. cuccinelli filed suit on behalf of virginia , while 26 states joined in a separate lawsuit in florida claiming that congress exceeded its authority in requiring citizens to buy health insurance or pay a penalty starting in 2014.
mischa barton my mother ' s a financial vampire ... and also took a 10 % management fee . according to the lawsuit , nuala created various companies that gave her control over her daughter ' s money , gave herself half-ownership in the house mischa bought in 2006 and then borrowed against that property , started her own side businesses making money off mischa ' s image , entered mischa into endorsement deals — one as recently as october — without explaining the obligations of those deals , and lied to her daughter about her salary to act in " the hoarder story_separator_special_tag the preeminent momager of the group , kris jenner , manages all of the kardashian kin , including kim , khloe , kourtney , rob , kylie and kendall .
after india , china has the most with 2.9 million , followed by pakistan ( 2.1 million ) , nigeria ( 701,000 ) , ethiopia ( 651,000 ) , russia ( 516,000 ) , thailand ( 473,000 ) , democratic republic of congo ( 462,000 ) , myanmar ( 384,000 ) and bangladesh ( 343,000 ) . " our estimates are telling them that the numbers of people in slavery - whether it ' s in great britain or finland or wherever - in these richer countries actually tends to be about six to 10 times higher than they think it is .
anchorage – a 101-year-old record was broken in alaska thursday — a high of 71 degrees was recorded in southeast alaska , beating a record set in 1915. march 2016 had the warmest monthly average temperature on record for juneau , sitka , klawock , haines , petersburg , skagway and ketchikan . the high temperature was recorded in klawock , located northwest of ketchikan on prince of wales island . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . the national weather service called it the “warmest official temp in alaska in march.
nothing happened thursday night that would make a person who previously liked clinton stop liking her , and if this was your first exposure to that guy who is running against hillary clinton you wouldn ' t have been blown away . she was calm and cool throughout -- even when fighting on sanders ' s home turf on wage inequality . the result was a dangerously complacent debate performance . but , those moments were few and far between . ( sarah parnass/the washington post ) forty-eight hours after bernie sanders crushed hillary clinton in the new hampshire primary , the two democratic candidates faced off in the sixth debate of the presidential primary season .
rupert murdoch ’ s news corp is to sell control of its three chinese television channels to a local state-controlled private equity fund in a recognition that its ambitious plan to build and control a broadcasting business in china has failed . in october last year , he gave an address in the country calling for a more open media industry . at the time , 75 per cent of star tv sales came from india . mr murdoch has recently expressed frustration about his operations in china . the terms of the deal were not disclosed . the decision marks a shift in news corporation ' s strategy in the country and fuelled speculation yesterday that the media mogul could retreat from china , where his company has struggled to break through despite a long-standing commitment to the market .
akira furusho , 40 , was found bleeding from the neck in the tiger ' s cage at the zoo in the southern city of kagoshima . " © kyodo he was taken to hospital and pronounced dead . " we had been looking forward to seeing white tigers , so it is too bad . , according to rescue workers . the tiger is about 1.8 meters in length and weighs about 170 kilograms . tigers are normally removed from the display pen to a separate area before staff enter . image copyright reuters image caption it ' s not clear what triggered the white tiger ' s attack ( file photo ) a rare white tiger has mauled a zookeeper to death in its enclosure at a zoo in japan , officials say .
washington ( ap ) — as republicans make gains in the house and senate , one of the potential republican presidential contenders in 2016 has survived a challenge in wisconsin . story_separator_special_tag just one more thing ... john barrow of georgia . gov . he survived a recall attempt two years ago . we have sent you a verification email . scott walker was a top target of democrats , after angering labor groups by enacting a measure reducing the power of public sector unions . he ' d been one of the last white democrats who had survived despite the gop stranglehold on the south .
” when clinton , who wasn ’ t hit by the shoe , realized someone threw something at her , she took it in stride . she was then handed over to law enforcement . clinton was the keynote speaker for the closing ceremonies of the institute of scrap recycling industries annual convention , which drew approximately 6,000 people . no information was immediately released about the woman ’ s identity . bush while he held a press conference in iraq . clinton was unharmed and handled the situation with aplomb , quickly getting back on track . a few minutes into her opening remarks to the crowd of more than 1,000 , a woman with long platinum blond hair threw multiple objects at clinton .
officers responding to a report of a shooting in the parking lot of westfield montgomery mall in bethesda on friday morning found three people shot , montgomery county police assistant chief darryl mcswain said . suspect eulalio tordil is in custody . estranged wife obtained protective order in march 2016 , a prince george ' s county district judge ordered that tordil have no contact with his estranged wife , gladys tordil , and two minors thought to be their children . ( ap ... according to the court documents just before 3 p.m. thomas manger said . " the suspect was apprehended after he was seen eating at a boston market , police said .
more than two years after china ’ s lunar rover got away to a wonky start on the surface of the moon , the country ’ s national space administration has released the stunning hi-def pictures it took . it stopped moving on january 25 , 42 days into a three-month mission . read more despite a shaky start to its mission , the jade rabbit is still working and sending images and data back to earth . nevertheless , while it never quite managed to traverse the three square kilometres intended , jade rabbit still took load of snaps .
charged particles ( coronal mass ejection ) from the solar flare will reach the earth sun . based on all of this activity , auroras are expected to stretch down over most of canada and the northern united states tonight , and likely visible as far south as between the minor radio impacts asia/pacific . area of solar activity ( sunspots ) we posted on earlier this week emitted a strong solar flare last night . related : what is light pollution and how does it affect canadians ? this story has been updated . close some northern parts of the country might see ripples of color in the sky for a few days .
" he ' s an innocent man , " parham said , noting that his office investigated the case for five months . i did what i did because that ' s the right thing to do . daddy ! fire lashed through the hole . williams plodded ahead with a sentimental follow-up , asking perry to react to the fact that members of the audience applauded when hearing perry has executed 234 individuals . ” more men showed up , uncoiling hoses and aiming water at the blaze . willingham told the barbees to call the fire department , and while diane raced down the street to get help he found a stick and broke the children ’ s bedroom window .
jordan allegedly had her talk with the driver while standing behind her with a gun . " he was a huge help , " franklin county sheriff ' s department sgt . the driver contacted police and they responded to a home in the 6000 block of willow ford road . the toddler was located inside the home , unharmed . bond has been set at $ 100,000 cash only . a woman gave the package to a delivery truck driver at around 11 : 20am tuesday . somehow she had managed to write her plea for help on the package , according to the documents .
brad pitt further clarifies jen aniston remarks the night was devoted to unveiling his latest movie , the based-on-fact baseball movie moneyball , but brad pitt still found a moment to clarify comments he made last week regarding his marriage to jennifer aniston " that was never my intention for it to be spun that way , " he said of those who interpreted his remarks to be critical of his former mate . and are they the savviest people in the whole wide world , spinning the jealousy angle ? hmm ... first , let ' s start with the deets .
the car owner reacted quickly by pulling the pump that was on fire from his tank and fleeing . israel police arrested a young woman who caused a fire in a jerusalem gas station after a driver refused to give her a cigarette . she briefly chats to the man before moving away . " the woman in question was arrested shortly afterwards , and she denied any involvement in the incident . suddenly , a fire begins around the pump and the woman runs away . cctv footage of the astonishing scene shows a woman , believed to be in her mid thirties , come up to a man who is refilling his car on the forecourt .
87 , anything related to rainbow looms is considered contraband , while in brooklyn ’ s p.s . rainbow bracelets are an story_separator_special_tag friendship bracelets ? these range from simple fishtail patterns that can be done by younger children in less than 30 minutes to a complex flag pattern that might take tweens a week . when i expressed surprise at my son ’ s request — my son ’ s interests usually run more toward baseball and football — he was nonchalant . the rainbow loom craze began in the summer , and unlike other fads , it has not yet abated , despite the decision of two public elementary schools in new york city to ban them .
humble french restaurant swamped after michelin mistake makes it a star read more michelin said it was the first time a french chef had asked to be dropped from its restaurant guide in this way , without a major change of positioning or business model . in his chef ' s whites , mr bras announced his decision in a facebook video with the local aubrac landscape out behind him , saying : “today , at 46 years old , i want to give a new meaning to my life ... and redefine what is essential. every meal that goes out could be inspected .
in total , the data set includes 167 million accounts , but of those , only 117 million or so have both emails and encrypted passwords . it ' s not clear if the new number of affected accounts is news to linkedin . the discovery means that the 2012 linkedin breach was much bigger than previously believed . in fact , motherboard states that 90 percent of the passwords were cracked within 72 hours . at story_separator_special_tag quite literally , every day someone gets hacked . peace is selling the data on the dark web illegal marketplace the real deal for 5 bitcoin ( around $ 2,200 ) .
new fees could take a swipe at bank profits 1 : 45 the obama administration is likely to slap banks with a fee designed to recoup losses associated with tarp , in a move that could help lower the deficit and reduce risk-taking by big banks . ’ ” good monday morning . wsj ' s deborah solomon reports . plus , simon cowell says he ' s leaving " american idol " and former slugger mark mcgwire admits he used steroids when he broke baseball ' s home run record in 1998. enlarge image close getty darrell issa ( r-calif.
” when people approach her , she said , to pile on praise – “justice ginsburg , you ’ re my idol ! " sometimes it was like a ping-pong game . ” she was escorted by at least three secret service agents . that is the title of a picture book published after the success of “notorious rbg ” , a biography . facebook twitter pinterest edward gero plays antonin scalia in the originalist . ginsburg especially has gained notoriety for vehement dissenting opinions in which she criticizes bigotry or unfairness as she sees it . even her accessories betrayed her celebrity .
some countries like zimbabwe encourage big-game hunting as a source of income , and others allow the activity to keep down herd populations through managed hunting trips and as a way to pay for the upkeep of game reserves . " " fyi , i was in scotland over a month ago , " switlyk added . ! you clearly haven ' t got the hint from twitter today have you?? stop this pls @scotgov . walter j. ” disgraceful . for the pig ignorant . made a perfect 200 yard s … https://ift.tt/2nwigsw pic.twitter.com/x2fzvtf7no
prosecutors said the foundation ' s story_separator_special_tag a former musical director for the united nations and tv ' s arsenio hall show has been arrested for allegedly embezzling $ 750,000 " from a charity concert for homeless children " and using the money for his personal spending , including buying a home for his ex-wife in southern california . if convicted , dimaggio faces 20 years in prison . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . dimaggio , 47 , of the woodland hills neighborhood of los angeles , was arrested friday on a single felony charge of wire fraud .
" appearing on the " ingraham angle " later , desantis downplayed the notion that his win was due to the president ' s backing , and touted his record on combatting environmental problems meanwhile , the bernie sanders-backed tallahassee mayor andrew gillum pulled off a major upset in defeating a half a dozen rivals , including former rep. in arizona , primary contests were shadowed by the death of sen. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . if he triumphs , gillum would be the state ' s first black governor .
saylor had taken his car in for service that day . the lawsuit filed in san diego county superior court names toyota motor corp. the lawsuit does not ask for a specific amount of money , which is not uncommon in civil lawsuits . following that crash , toyota recalled millions of cars to replace floor mats that it said could cause the accelerator to jam . 28. on sept. fe lastrella testified last week at a hearing of the house oversight and government reform committee in washington , d.c. " you don ' t want another family to suffer like we are suffering .
i want military rule to end , " said protester mohamed gamal , 21. egypt is frayed , bloody and slipping toward a new revolt.the clashes that erupted for the second day in a row sunday between police and protesters are the most volatile challenge in months to the nation ' s military leaders . " don ' t go out there , you ' ll protesters numbered as many as 20,000 before midnight . bullet wounds protesters have brandished bullet casings in tahrir square , where police used batons and tear gas to try to disperse demonstrators on saturday .
which , as weird as that is , still doesn ' t make me as weird as people who actually do it , such as those who features their pets on the websites hipster puppies and hipster kitty . click here follow @hipsterpuppies on twitter story_separator_special_tag my dog listens to radiohead . she ' s looking for an old victrola she can use to accessorize her brooklyn apartment . thanks to elisabeth l. o.k. especially the breadsticks . , so i just pretend my dog does all that . ( that reminds me , i need to start my own blog : republican babies.
( ap photo/alan diaz ) ( associated press ) a customer shows her purchased powerball tickets for wednesday ' s drawing , tuesday , aug. i ’ m not gonna say i ’ m the richest person in the world , i can ’ t say i ’ m the poorest person in the world . so what will she do first ? ” wanczyk has a 31-year-old daughter and a 26-year-old son . “and he goes , ‘let me see that ticket – you just won ! but shortly before 8 a.m. the massachusetts state lottery had announced around 2 : 30 a.m. thursday that a convenience store in watertown , near boston , had sold the winning ticket .
" fisher ' s campaign acknowledged it had no issue with past republican mailers that told voters to call him at his personal number , but the candidate said republicans took it too far by directing citizens to call fisher at his mother ' s number . " i hope mr. " alex mitchell covers county government and taxes for the kalamazoo gazette . " i ' m doing it in part to point out the lack of responsibility and thoughtfulness which is what i ' m running against . 4 . story_separator_special_tag portage , mich. " lansing republicans showed contempt for all seniors when they forced them to pay extra in order to fund giveaways for major corporations .
" you can see the footprints of history in today ' s genomes , it has left a record , a mutation mark in the hiv genome that can ' t be eradicated , " prof oliver pybus from the university of oxford told the bbc . it has infected nearly 75 million people worldwide to date . they show that group m and another strain , group o , expanded at the same rate until about 1960 , but then group m nearly tripled its rate of spread . possible reasons include public health campaigns that had contaminated needles and an increase in the number of clients of sex workers .
that ' s the finding of an analysis by npr ' s investigative unit of data from the department of education . that increase shows that sexual assault is a persistent and ugly problem on college campuses . school administrations have been prodded by students who are demanding better treatment . a may time cover story examined how even though the college town of missoula , mont . advocates say a marked increase in reports of sexual assault can be a sign that survivors are beginning to feel more comfortable going to authorities . campus rape reports are up , and assaults aren ' t the only reason enlarge this image toggle caption erin/flickr erin/flickr enlarge this image toggle caption joe shapiro/npr joe shapiro/npr the number of " forcible rapes " that get reported at four-year colleges increased 49 percent between 2008 and 2012.
" he has an existence but it ' s nowhere near what it was before , " she said . his sister karen reynolds told the bbc that since his brain damage , his level of understanding had dropped to that of a young child . ms aylward , who is from reading , has not responded to requests for an interview . a few days later , the ventilator was switched off . " no-one has come forward to make any admission , so now almost two years after the event we are trying to get someone to admit liability for what has happened .
it also said that the south ' s decision to put its military on alert after kim jong il ' s death created " a war-like atmosphere on the ground and in the story_separator_special_tag north korea tells world to ' expect no change ' north korea ' s new leader kim jong-un is an unknown quantity - making neighbours worried north korea has told the international community not to " expect any change " in the wake of kim jong-il ' s death . kurt campbell will hold talks in beijing , seoul and tokyo from 3-7 january , the state department said .
11 : sam ' s club closing dozens of stores ; some being converted to distribution ► jan. we will work to place as many associates as possible in new roles at nearby locations , and we ' ll provide them with support , resources , and severance pay to those eligible . the company said it would share more details when it reports earnings on feb. ... illinois loses six . 86th st. 20. analyst oliver chen wrote in a note to clients friday morning . furner has said the brand is looking to tap into households with annual income between $ 75,000 to $ 125,000 .
“we had a witness that said that johnson fired at the police , ” mr. one officer shot nine rounds and another shot seven . all the yelling and cries of pain occurred out of camera view , just north of where the gunman , jeffrey t. three passersby sustained direct gunshot wounds , while the remaining six were hit by fragments , according to new york police commissioner ray kelly . last year . it was crazy. johnson , collapsed and died : nine bystanders were struck , cradling bloody arms or lying on the sidewalks and curbs .
domestic turkeys can ' t fly — but that hasn ' t stopped people in a small town in arkansas from dropping the birds from small planes at an annual festival event that has drawn opposition from animal-rights activists . festivalgoers chase and catch the surviving turkeys . this is also why some bird species can soar , like eagles and vultures . stories can be purchased individually for $ 2.95 . 14. fairfield , ct . the forward motion creates lift , because as air flows over the bird , the layer of air above it is less dense than that below , and the bird rides on the more-dense layer .
federal agencies , from the treasury to the social security administration , are now forcing americans — even those who lack internet and even computer access — to go online to interact with their government . it ’ s difficult for many of us to imagine a world without the benefits of technology . others have concerns about privacy and growing cybersecurity threats . while great strides are being made to deliver technology to more americans , we are not there yet . consumers for paper options is led by a veteran advocate for the industry ’ s interests on capitol hill .
microsoft invests heavily in both of the software product offerings . , google inc. google is now saying that in 2013 it wants to take 90 % of office users away from microsoft . those two software products include the windows operating system and the office productivity suite . google , with the $ 12.5 billion purchase of motorola mobility under its ... — have been creeping into each other ' s turf for years . when google apps originally launched they were free to use in an attempt to woo enterprise customers to give the google offerings and try .
the san diego zoo ’ s panda bai yun underwent a dental procedure wednesday to fix a broken tooth . even giant pandas have to see the dentist from time to time . only around 1,600 pandas are believed to be left in the wild in china , in part because of deforestation and the expansion of farming . the problem is that bamboo is chewy and not particularly nutritious . animal keepers noticed one of the 23-year-old panda ’ s lower teeth was chipped , so the zoo ’ s veterinary team anesthetized her , took x-rays and made repairs .
but palin says that he tried to " hide the decline " in global temperatures , when in fact he showed the increase in global temperatures since 1960. " she ' s looking for a way to inject herself into this and found it . " politico ' s ben smith wrote on twitter that it " struck me as slightly odd [ that the post ] published an expanded version of her facebook piece . shortly after the op-ed was published online , post media reporter howard kurtz tweeted that his paper was being " ripped for running palin op-ed .
abedin said in a statement . " but it worked out for the best , being surrounded by her family and her friends ... abedin and mr. story_separator_special_tag poster= " http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201608/1873/1155968404_5103424915001_5054222745001-vs.jpg?pubid=1155968404 " true clinton aide abedin dumps weiner after more lewd texts the high-powered couple had been ' estranged ' for about a year , a person close to abedin said . ” in the latest issue of vogue , ms. they have , however , made high-profile public appearances together during that time . weiner at home with jordan . weiner said , “i ’ m not going to go down the path
the researchers found no bacteria were present on the foods that had remained on the floor for 5 , 10 or 30 seconds . it ' s not true and we ' ve proven it , it ' s well , bologna . my students have done other creative inquiry projects . weve researched what happens when someone double-dips . they also tested them after allowing five minutes to elapse and then searched for any rogue bacteria . though previous research has shown we may have up to a minute to rescue certain types of spilled food before it becomes contaminated , dawson and his students made a strong case for the “zero-second rule.
“adderley ’ s collection takes us right to the heart of himmler ’ s arrest and into the very room in the british safe house in lüneburg where he bit into the cyanide capsule he had concealed in his mouth . after his death , propaganda photographs of his corpse slumped on a makeshift bed were released . " himmler committed suicide in may 1945 rather than face post-war justice . it has never been found . the newly discovered sections were in a file marked " diary " . hundreds of letters turned up in tel aviv several years ago .
" brewdog now owes the estate £ 1,500 ( $ 1,934 ) in court costs and will either have to change the beer ' s name or ask if the presley estate will grant them " official permission " to use it . well , elvis juice has , anyway . story_separator_special_tag get daily updates directly to your inbox + subscribe thank you for subscribing ! so maybe brewdog understands what team elvis is trying to do . in 2015 , the scottish brewers launched a grapefruit-infused ipa that they named ' elvis juice , ' and it quickly became a top seller .
since shepard ’ s death , his friends and family have honored his legacy by fighting to enact anti-hate crime legislation and protect minority populations through the matthew shepard foundation . there are still segments of society that face terrifying levels of violence , ” he said . whenever brandon foster posts new content , you ' ll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link . “i think for transgender people it hasn ’ t progressed enough . the 21-year-old college student was abducted on oct. ” the ali forney center saw a spike in intake in 2017.
who knows what to make of the weighting of the polls and the assumptions as to who will vote ? i think he ’ s stealing in “like a thief with good tools , ” in walker percy ’ s old words . karl rove : romney 285 , obama 253 . " that mathematical models can no longer be derided by " gut-feeling " pundits . 5 , on his website . the public recognition was immediate . others said that the results could force a bit of a sea change in political journalism . , last night ; 30,000 in west chester , ohio , friday it isn ’ t only a triumph of advance planning : people came , they got through security and waited for hours in the cold .
but it was mccarthy ' s show . story_separator_special_tag she sang , she danced , she fell , she picked up a punch bowl and drank from it . i wonder if he ' s in on the joke or not , to be honest . it ' s just a shame that , for the most part , the writers didn ' t take full advantage of that . even the bits without mccarthy seemed better than usual . see below . lovely . " line . a very baffling appearance , to say the least . " snl " opened with a topical sketch ridiculing north korean leader jim jong-un ( bobby moynihan ) , who talked about his sexual prowess .
the women evaluators were asked to rate the men as if they were looking for a long-term mate . short men have been stigmatized in society because of their stature . jukka kekalainen , adjunct lecturer in the centre for evolutionary biology at the university of australia in crawley , told the huffington post in an email . but how about his sperm ? and however , it also indicates humans may be poor judges of attractiveness when it comes to people who are culturally near to them . dr. the researchers have no ready explanation for their finding , although previous research has shown that high testosterone levels can harm sperm production , the new york daily news reported .
massa opposed the reform bill because he thinks it isn ' t enough of a government takeover . seeking lead writers in sports , politics and economics fivethirtyeight is conducting a search for lead writers in three of our most important content verticals : sports , politics and economics . " america , i ' ve got to shoot straight with you , " he said , looking into the camera . massa tried to be ingratiating to his host . actionable stuff ? ... he wants a government-run single-payer system -- what beck would call socialism . at the top of the show , there was a little flirtation .
harris poll : corporate reputation politically polarized as companies wrestle with taking a stand for their values republicans view chick-fil-a and hobby lobby reputations more favorably 08 : 30 am est feb 9 , 2017 rating share vision and strong leadership increasingly important to a company ’ s reputational equity yet half of americans have negative views of today ’ s ceos although tesla out of reach for the masses , americans propel automaker ’ s reputation consumers cite intentional wrongdoing and dishonesty as top reputational threats amazon records highest reputation rating in 18 years of study ; wells fargo experiences largest reputation drop in harris poll history new york – as companies wrestle with how to approach a divided u.s. political climate , new research from the harris poll shows that americans view the reputations of some companies as aligned with their individual values .
population ( as of 2010 ) : 3,117 median home sales price : $ 2.119 million most expensive home for sale : a 210-acre ranch with an 8,148-square-foot home now asking $ 85 million terrell hills , tx population ( as of 2013 ) : 5,088 median home sales story_separator_special_tag 5 reasons to shop for a home in december while it ’ s easy to identify the largest and most affluent metropolises in the united states , it ’ s far more difficult to pinpoint the priciest suburb closest to each major city . los altos hills , ca bordering san jose , los altos hills is one of silicon valley ’ s most esteemed residential enclaves .
kerry , whose name is attached to a major u.s. economic assistance package to pakistan , said he conveyed to the pakistanis that they must demonstrate a commitment to fighting islamist militancy to address the concerns of members of congress who , after the bin laden killing , have called for the end to u.s. aid . " my goal in coming here has been to talk about how we manage this important relationship . but he did not specify what those steps were . kerry ( d-mass. john f. but the tail remained intact , and photos of it quickly made their way into public view .
the train being seen a lot this year is that of h3n2 . “we are seeing an increase in influenza cases. the cdc ' s tom skinner says " people who come down with the flu can be pretty sick , " with severe muscle aches and high-grade fever lasting 4 or 5 days . the west medical center and tripoint medical center are temporarily limiting visitations to two per patient . story_separator_special_tag hillsborough county , fla. 20 , 2012 . , dec. that ' s because the current flu season is turning out to be a bad one , affecting more people than usual , starting earlier and covering a broader geographical area .
protesters there were armed and some appeared to be agents provocateurs , government officials said . " and " long live islam ! kabul ( reuters ) - twelve people were killed on friday in the bloodiest day yet in protests that have raged across afghanistan over the desecration of copies of the muslim holy book at a nato military base with riot police and soldiers on high alert braced for more violence . in neighboring u.s. ally pakistan , about 400 members of a hardline islamist group staged protests . it was an intentional move , done on purpose .
” “sully ” is a portrait of a hero — mr. ) as accomplished as they are , it would be an understatement to say eastwood and hanks meet expectations . what ’ s more , he ’ s not the only one with doubts : the film ’ s framing device is an investigation held by the national transportation safety board , whose extensive simulations and computer algorithms suggested that sullenberger probably had the engine power and time to make a safe landing back at laguardia , or in new jersey . ( keith bernstein/warner bros.
courtesy of cindy brewer “she asked if i would have a role model for grace , ” hammer says . brewer was the first model in the show with down syndrome . hundreds of women and girls contacted hammer to thank her . while most recognize brewer for playing addie in “american horror story : murder house , ” nan in “american horror story : coven , ” and marjorie in “american horror story : freak show , ” she has long worked as an advocate for people with intellectual disabilities . you are what this world needed !
at a news conference tuesday at the memorial in dublin , ohio , nicklaus said he was a fan of woods and a friend of his . court documents say there were six witnesses to the arrest . here ' s tiger woods ' mugshot after his arrest on dui charge pic.twitter.com/d6f8cpoic5 — bradd jaffy ( @braddjaffy ) may 29 , 2017 woods , once the no . he had trouble standing on one leg and putting his finger to his nose , the report stated . police asked woods to take several standard road sobriety tests . jupiter , fla.
story_separator_special_tag a retreat under fire chief slabinski ’ s team was ordered to establish an observation post on top of the mountain , takur ghar , during operation anaconda , an effort to encircle and destroy qaeda forces in the shah-i-kot valley in eastern afghanistan , about 25 miles from pakistan . they did not know that enemy fighters had already killed and tried to decapitate him . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . you may opt-out at any time . shortly before 5 a.m. invalid email address . please re-enter . col. the americans were again met by a withering barrage .
but the romney camp has denied the allegations and said it hopes new hampshire maintains its first-in-the-nation primary . his campaign said that instead , huntsman will spend the evening campaigning in new hampshire . tweet view comments " next tuesday , gov . " if you are going to boycott something , boycott it , " hunstman said to wmur . learn more huntsman is sticking up for the granite state . source : http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/187601-huntsman-to-skip-nevada-debate-in-protest the hill archives : senate &#124; house &#124; administration &#124; campaign &#124; business &amp; lobbying &#124; capital living &#124; opinion view news by subject : defense &amp; homeland security &#124; energy &amp; environment &#124; healthcare &#124; finance &amp; economy &#124; technology &#124; foreign policy &#124; labor &#124; transportation &amp; infrastructure story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
a witness told police she walked out of her apartment and heard screaming before noticing the pair " completely naked " and on top of each other on the sidewalk , according to court documents . 26 , 2018 ) – all charges against noah and timothy batz were dismissed . the brothers are also accused of threatening to kill the apartment complex ’ s assistant manager . once taken into custody , the brothers told authorities that they had been under the influence of marijuana and mushrooms . “we knew it was something beyond just being drunk or high … it was something heavy duty .
south korea ' s military remained on high alert despite the announced talks , a defense official said . " it is a breakthrough . 10 , days after landmine explosions in the dmz wounded two south korean soldiers . " the south and the north agreed to hold contact related to the ongoing situation in south-north relations , " kim kyou-hyun , the presidential blue house ' s deputy national security adviser , said earlier in a televised briefing . that deadline passed without any reported incidents . " they need to come up with some sort of an agreement where both sides have saved face .
trump sought to clarify his worldview with a prepared speech in youngstown , ohio , on monday after a week of battles over his claim that president obama “founded isis ” and was the “mvp ” of the islamist terror group . obama ' s approach may not have worked , but it ' s not bush-like " nation-building . bush for creating the current middle east crisis . " we should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect our people . but there were some new elements — including an alarming suggestion that the cold war offers a useful lesson in how to combat islamic state .
valdes-sosa said researchers and investigators are working on a paper to rebut the microwave weapons theory . but why bother with a device that produces near-threshold hearing sensations ? a follow-up medical examination of 21 of the affected individuals by a neuroscience group led by doug smith at the university of pennsylvania ( my colleagues , in fact ) found equivocal evidence the individuals had sustained “injury to widespread brain networks ” . note : we only request your email address so that the person you are recommending the page to knows that you wanted them to see it , and that it is not junk mail .
this list is current as of december 9 , 2016 , and is subject to change . they said she should have survived the crash , if not for the airbag . you are also encouraged to sign up for nhtsa ' s recall alerts to be informed about future recalls that may affect your vehicle , including takata recalls . " her said hanif had dreams of going to college and becoming a nurse . acura 2003 acura 3.2cl 2002-2003 acura 3.2tl 2013-2016 acura ilx 2013-2014 acura ilx hybrid 2003-2006 acura mdx 2007-2016 acura rdx 2005-2012 acura rl 2009-2014 acura tl 2009-2014 acura tsx 2010-2013 acura zdx audi 2006-2013 audi a3 2005-2008 audi a4 avant 2006-2009 audi a4 cabriolet 2005-2008 audi a4 sedan 2010-2011 audi a5 cabriolet 2003-2011 audi a6 avant 2005-2011 audi a6 sedan 2009-2012 audi q5 2017 audi r8 2008 audi rs 4 cabriolet 2007-2008 audi rs 4 sedan 2005-2008 audi s4 avant 2007-2009 audi s4 cabriolet 2005-2008 audi s4 sedan 2010-2012 audi s5 cabriolet 2007-2011 audi s6 sedan 2016-2017 audi tt bmw 2008-2013 bmw 1 series 2000-2013 bmw 3 series 2002-2003 bmw 5 series 2011-2015 bmw x1 2007-2010 bmw x3 2003-2013 bmw x5 2008-2014 bmw x6 2010-2011 bmw x6 hybrid story_separator_special_tag dix hills , n.y.
( indeed , coincidentally , i was planning on writing a post raising doubts about when and whether the court would take on a same-sex marriage case. the justices offered no explanation for their decision . in each case , an appeals court had ruled that state-level gay marriage bans are unconstitutional . the supreme court ' s refusal to hear every case means that gay marriages can begin immediately in indiana , oklahoma , utah , virginia , and wisconsin . 29. the move is unexpected and somewhat bizarre . justice ruth bader ginsburg recently suggested as much , noting that , until a circuit court found gay marriage bans to be constitutional , there would be “no need for us to rush.
the facts : trump is misrepresenting amazon ' s record on taxes , the u.s. postal service ' s financial situation and the contract that has the post office deliver some amazon orders . " — tweet wednesday , showing photos of workers building a fence . that amounts to billions of dollars . ) , and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business ! ... ronald d. " actually , no new work got underway . the calexico project that began feb. if the p.o . ( associated press ) in this march 13 , 2018 photo , president donald trump speaks during a tour as he reviews border wall prototypes in san diego .
then he weighed in on some pressing issues of the day : " rap , even urban rap and street rap , is kind of crude , but is already filled with social content and addresses the problems of youth . you were wondering , right ? dressed in a polo-neck jumper and a sports jacket , mr putin , 57 , looked distinctly awkward among a crowd of head-bobbing hand-waving teenagers . " so , that ' s how the russian president prime minister feels about hip-hop , graffiti and break dancing . but the outing did not garner mr putin his usual rave reviews .
" we ' ve had to adapt just as shackleton and his men did and we had to survive , " said jarvis , adding there were times they thought they might not make it . jarvis and gray were the only remaining members of the original six-person team that set out on the journey . what do you think ? after his ship sunk after being frozen in an ice floe , shackleton and a small crew were forced to navigate dangerous waters and trek 51 kilometres over mountainous terrain to reach a whaling station and seek help .
google ’ s system is mounted on top of its fleet of cars , and the camera spins constantly to evaluate its surroundings . facebook twitter pinterest mapping car in new york . lidar has been used extensively by google , nokia , and others to map out imagery for street view services . what ’ s your opinion ? please try again later . on the subject . google ’ s street view was introduced in 2006 across five major us cities before expanding to the rest of the uk and europe in 2008. the technology is also used in some adaptive cruise control implementations to monitor distances between vehicles and automatically apply the brakes on a car .
but schumer separately story_separator_special_tag the trump administration will end billions of dollars in payments to insurers under the affordable care act program , but president donald trump has privately told at least one lawmaker that the payments may continue if a bipartisan deal is reached on heath care , according to people familiar with the matter on capitol hill and in the health-care industry . a white house official said these health plans “could potentially allow american employers to form groups across state lines ” — a goal championed by mr. dems should call me to fix !
in this psa of sorts , mcmillan and his " son " timmy mcmillan ( played by billy eichner ) tell you about the latest thing that is " too damn high " : charlie sheen . staring into his telepromter , battling with a crowd who kept interrupting him with their own concessions speeches and criticisms , he said , " i promised to bring a baseball bat to albany , well here it is . loading ... want more widgets ? customize title title height font size preview 3. " watch : we hope you do , because we made a shit-ton .
this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag uber technologies inc. the s-1 filing with the securities and exchange commission puts uber neck-and-neck with lyft . filed paperwork confidentially this week for its initial public offering , according to people familiar with the matter , as it races with smaller rival lyft inc. ... to be the first to market . both planned ipos are shaping up to be among the biggest in a spate of offerings aimed for 2019. lyft said thursday it had filed its s-1 , and people familiar with the matter have said it is aiming to debut in march or april .
if this scene feels out of place in 2016 , that may be because there was a time in this country ’ s history when thousands of back-alley and coat-hanger abortions prompted calls for the procedure to be legal . what women help women has done differently is connect us women with counselors who can provide step-by-step instructions , and answer questions , story_separator_special_tag “hello . her rent had gone up . i am absolutely desperate. she hit send . rules for taking misoprostol are easy to find online . for information about how to keep your research about abortion private , please read here .
" i ' ve been alone in a tent for nearly six weeks so it ' s all a bit overwhelming , " he said . lt scott sears , the brother-in-law of andy murray , reached his destination on christmas day after negotiating 700 miles of antarctic plateau , crevasse fields and glaciers . the 27-year-old officer with 1st bn royal gurkha rifles raised over £ 30,000 for the gurkha welfare trust and schools destroyed in the 2015 nepal earthquake . several years later , he went on to join the army . travelling alone meant lt sears was not roped up to a teammate who could stop him falling down them , and he used skis to cross the ice instead .
“she informed associate 4 that she had a problem because a large portion of her savings was in his account. he further said that he got really mad at starr and told him ‘you bungled me up on this . the identity of clients and victims alike has become an instant guessing game in new york and hollywood . " it is now clear that they were defrauded , " their lawyer , ben brafman , said in a statement . ” • peter lauria : the pole dancer &amp; the ponzi scheme • allan dodds frank : madoff vs.
that ’ s 11,456 days of progress for a sport that ’ s come so far in a country that still hasn ’ t fully embraced it . all the u.s. needed to do to qualify for the world cup was to win or tie . you ' ll see here , the ball never crossed the line : estados unidos se queda fuera del mundial por un gol de panamá que ni entró pic.twitter.com/k2jojpf7bq — joaquín lópez-dóriga ( @lopezdoriga ) october 11 story_separator_special_tag the biggest failure in american soccer history is as complex as it is damaging .
two police reports written the night that george zimmerman shot trayvon martin said that zimmerman had a bloody face and nose , according to police reports made public today . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . " he then heard a pop . but when he listened to a second tape that had been " cleaned , " " he immediately broke down in tears because he knew it was his son calling for help , " crump said . " this disclosure came out thursday , part of a wealth of information released that is related to the case , including the medical ' s examiner ' s finding that the 17-year-old martin had traces of drugs in his system in an autopsy conducted hours after his death .
it seemed inconceivable , above all , that the sentinelese islanders could have survived , living as they did on a remote island directly in the tsunami ’ s path . their skin is ash-black and their faces moon- shaped with negroid features . ' permanent isolation isn ' t practical , ' he said . they shot arrows when we tried to land . the fact that their language is so different even from other andaman islanders suggests that they have had little contact with other people for thousands of years . fellow fishermen said they dropped anchor for the night on jan 25 but fell into a deep sleep , probably helped by large amounts of alcohol .
” the reports suggest , however , that the pakistani military has acted as both ally and enemy , as its spy agency runs what american officials have long suspected is a double game — appeasing certain american demands for cooperation while angling to exert influence in afghanistan through many of the same insurgent networks that the americans are fighting to eliminate . administration officials also want to keep nuclear-armed pakistan on their side to safeguard nato supplies flowing on routes that cross pakistan to afghanistan . at least 195 civilians are admitted to have been killed and 174 wounded in total , but this
britton , the gries and their students then discovered a histamine , a molecule that had previously eluded researchers , signalled a " safe shelter " to the bedbugs , meaning once they came into contact with it they remained in place . gerhard gries said his wife further studied the bedbugs ' feces and found three new components . why bedbugs love biting us so much bedbugs are wingless pests that feed on humans as their preferred source of blood . he said they attracted the pests in lab experiments but not in infested apartments . " we realized that a highly unusual component must be missing — one that we couldn ’ t find using our regular gas chromatographic and mass spectrometric tools , " said gerhard gries .
“the mere thought of his wife being taken from him was too much — it was like his mother ’ s death , ” says a source close to west . tmz has confirmed kanye is at home with kim kardashian and their kids . kanye canceled all concerts through the end of 2016 just hours before he suffered a mental breakdown . michael farzam ... find out more in the video above , and detailed below . he needs ongoing psychological and medical treatment . at least there ' s good news in the financial department . “the trauma of the incident made her more hesitant to do things , ” explains the source .
mayor bloomberg will officiate at the wedding of two top city officials on july 24 , the first day that new york ' s same-sex marriage law goes into effect , officials said thursday . the offices would normally be closed for the weekend . the ceremony will take place at gracie mansion . the gay marriage bill was signed by gov . the state is home to an estimated 42,000 same-sex couples . bloomberg has presided over marriages only twice before as mayor , once for his daughter and once for rudy giuliani ( who , by contrast , has ducked the requests of gay friends to marry them ) .
a senior saudi official said prince alwaleed was freed after he reached a financial settlement with the attorney general . , one of the country ’ s biggest conglomerates . he said he expected to keep full control of his global investment firm kingdom holding co 4280.se without being required to hand assets to the state . prince alwaleed ’ s detention was particularly worrying for foreigners because of his international prominence as an investor in top western companies such as twitter ( twtr.n ) and citigroup ( c.n ) , and in top hotels including the george v in paris and the plaza in new york , the banker said .
it has been a tradition at oscars that the best actor winner presents the best actress trophy while the best actress winner presents best actor . both women alleged they were verbally berated by affleck and he had someone else working for him expose himself to them alongside other misconduct allegations . ” affleck was not immediately available for comment . the academy needs to take a real stand and stop celebrating men who abuse women . the other woman claimed she was pressured to stay in his hotel room when he aggressively grabbed her in order to intimidate her upon refusal .
' i have to be with him . mares was just 16 when she gave birth to peterson - whose pre-adoption name was carlos - and he was adopted as a baby . scroll down for video interviews mother and son monica mares , 36 , and caleb peterson , 19 , of clovis , new mexico , claim to be ' madly in love ' . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . 6 with jury selection targeted sept. 12. “mr . carter represents the co-defendant . harden myself . ( i expect a ) one-day trial , with approximately four or five witnesses.
” a media insider tells us that kim wants caitlyn to have her moment , story_separator_special_tag caitlyn jenner ' s mother , esther jenner , has spoken about the olympian ' s glamorous debut on the cover of vanity fair ' s july issue . his father and i named him that , " she explained . " you know who she reminds me of , my granddaughter samantha . and she is waiting to get an ok from her doctor that both the fertilized eggs are healthy. " one way she attempted to come up with ideas was by watching the miss america pageant .
— us embassy , ve ( @usembassyve ) may 16 , 2018 venezuela ' s attorney general tarek saab later stopped short of claiming the government had regained full control of the detention center in the capital , saying the situation had " normalized " . holt and candelo were hauled off to jail . " " please , my fellow americans don ' t allow me to continue suffering in venezuela , " holt said in a written message , also posted on his facebook page . alert if the united states does not promptly rescue joshua holt he could be lynched by maduro ' s regime agents on next hours .
story_separator_special_tag david goldberg , surveymonkey ceo and husband of sheryl sandberg the two met in 1996 when they both were working in los angeles , said goldberg , who recently sat down with the times before he spoke to an audience at " start-ups : uncensored " seminar at the shutters on the beach hotel in santa monica . if i have a work dinner , i ’ ll schedule to have dinner after 8. he was 47 years old . mr. he says he tries to remain rooted to his family and strives to lead by example .
“we are surprised by saudi arabia ’ s unprecedented decision , ” the foreign ministry said in a statement from moscow carried by news agencies . officials at the united states mission to the united nations had no immediate comment . it did not say what those should entail . saudi anger coincides with a rift between another washington and another of its key middle east allies , egypt . " saudi arabia ... al-mouallimi , was clearly elated after the general assembly vote on thursday . it is the second time this month that saudi arabia has made a public gesture over what it sees as the security council ' s failure to take action to stop the civil war in syria that has killed more than 100,000 people .
i have a well-organized life , and i ' ve put a lot of thought into the things that i do , and then , you know my stomach will be ... ” leonardo di caprio : from teen dream to hollywood hunk the new issue of rolling stone hits newsstands nationwide on friday . underneath his confident movie star exterior , dicaprio admits that he stresses just as much as the rest of us . go to our all access benefits page . ’ ” sadly , fellow young stars jonathan brandis and river phoenix weren ’ t so fortunate .
" as for other options , we have not yet taken a decision on them , " he said.abbas said that nobody should have any illusions that he will come back from new york with independence . israel , while officially accepting the idea of a palestinian state , wants to leave nearly all of the settlers where they are and keep control of jerusalem . ross and david m. invalid email address . please re-enter . mr. you must select a newsletter to subscribe to . the white house sent two senior diplomats , dennis b.
optimism . -- people who have upbeat outlooks on life have significantly better cardiovascular health , suggests a new study that examined associations between optimism and heart health in more than 5,100 adults . ” you may also be interested in these stories story_separator_special_tag photo the facts laughter may not exactly be the best medicine . really ? individuals ' total health scores increased in tandem with their levels of optimism . “and people that are sad , they don ’ t live as long. they also were more physically active , had healthier body mass indexes and were less likely to smoke , according to a paper on the research that appears in the january/february 2015 issue of health behavior and policy review .
globally , the movie is expected to make $ 270.6 million this weekend , and over $ 300 million by the end of the four-day holiday weekend . " ( peter mountain/disney ... that ’ s far below early estimates . the r-rated " baywatch , " meanwhile , is sinking like a rock . this time around , it ’ s johnson , an experienced and devoted lifeguard , who butts heads with a new recruit , efron , until they uncover a criminal plot . “this is a trend that we ’ ve seen play out , ” said disney ’ s distribution chief dave hollis .
many of the protesters said they saw this as a ploy to get them out of the park permanently , and their suspicions were further intensified when ray kelly , the commissioner of the nypd , said thursday that they would not be able to bring back their sleeping bags and other items after leaving . clean up these crooks on wall street ! mayor ? " husain shouted . 17. " mr. because this is new york , he found it fitting to add that he had yet to see a rat . " to defend the occupation from eviction .
noel cintron says he was trump ' s personal driver for more than 20 years until the secret service took that gig in 2016 -- and he says the last " meaningful " raise he got was more than a decade ago . cintron , 59 , lives in queens , new york , his lawyer , larry hutcher , said in a phone interview . ! ! — with assistance by erik larson great , right ? “mr . the case is cintron v. just for the overtime . he declined to comment to reporters outside his home .
interior minister jorge fernandez diaz said evidence pointed to the remains being those of denise thiem and there were " well-founded suspicions " that the 39-year-old prime suspect arrested over her disappearance was responsible for her death . he was not identified . madrid ( ap ) — a body found on a rural property in northwest spain is most likely that of an american woman who went missing while walking along a pilgrimage route , officials said saturday . a ministry spokesman had earlier said miguel angel munoz had led investigators to his small farm near the camino de santiago , also called the st.
the london vigil took place monday night . see also : tributes pour in across the uk for victims of the orlando shooting london gay men ' s chorus joined thousands of other people at old compton street , where they sang simon &amp; garfunkel ' s " bridge over troubled water " to an emotional crowd . labour leader jeremy corbyn and london mayor sadiq khan were among those in attendance . 49 rainbow coloured balloons - one for each person killed - were released into the air as people clapped and cheered after the silence - and then the chorus began to sing .
" i don ' t do it . " limbaugh said he didn ' t remember what the issue was about , but to prove his point , he gave out the number and the switchboard was quickly tied up . and that ' s why i am urging -- because this is a transformation of our country into something that no one has ever seen it be like . the republicans don ' t have the votes to stop this . comments closed permalink nothing happens . so i ' ll demonstrate it for you . they ' re invalidated .
the couple was on the way to their wedding in pittsburgh , pennsylvania , at the time of the crash . three other tractor-trailers were also involved . late wednesday , a steady stream of tractor-trailers that had been diverted off i-78 rumbled through downtown hamburg on old route 22. schurtz is survived by her parents joseph and karen as well as two sisters , brother-in-law and nephew . kathryn m. schurtz went onto receive a master of business administration degree from the university of notre dame . follow him on twitter @jeffsgoldman . find nj.com on facebook .
eli manning was at disney world yesterday , but he ' s now back in new york city with the rest of the new york giants , celebrating their super bowl xlvi victory . " if we had to wait to honor our servicemen and women until wars were over , that would take a long time , ” leslie gelb of the council on foreign relations told the times . lead image credit : mary pilon story_separator_special_tag and not just super bowl vets ? that ' s what some returned soldiers are asking in light of the giants parade today ; others think it might send the wrong signal — that the u.s. thinks it ' s all over , over there .
" it is an attempt to deal with a reality that exists in these states , " he said . the rules are not expected to give banks a green light to accept deposits and provide other services , but would tell prosecutors not to prioritize cases involving legal marijuana businesses that use banks . for months , elected officials and law enforcement agencies in states that have legalized marijuana have urged federal officials to offer many say they struggle to even keep a checking account open to pay their employees or electricity bills . read more about : eric holder story_separator_special_tag attorney general eric h.
" north korea fired a short-range missile as it did yesterday into its east sea in the afternoon , " south korea ' s news agency yonhap reported , citing a military official . u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon said he was concerned about north korea ' s launch of short-range missiles , urging pyonyang to refrain from further launches and return to stalled nuclear talks with world powers . send us your experiences . story_separator_special_tag 1 of 4. tensions in the region have eased since a period last month that included near daily north korean threats of war .
tel aviv , israel ' s commercial centre , also came under rocket attack for the second straight day , in defiance of an israeli air offensive that began on wednesday with the declared aim of deterring hamas from launching cross-border attacks that have plagued southern israel for years . video by wsj ' s sam dagher via #worldstream . photo : reuters . israeli and hamas officials confirmed mr. there were no reports of casualties . after friday prayers at the azhar mosque in cairo , worshipers chanted anti-israel slogans in response to the clashes between israel and hamas in gaza .
" the sheriff ' s office , she complained , did not . unfortunately , this information was obtained through a public records request of our reports and was published by the media . the pasco county sheriff ' s office is the most prolific bay area law enforcement agency on social media , often posting body camera footage of deputies arresting people and even nightly warning for folks to lock their doors after 9 p.m. the pasco agency has just over 87,000 followers on facebook — more than the followers of the pinellas and hillsborough sheriff ' s offices combined .
reuters/yuri maltsev the irsn ruled out an accident in a nuclear reactor , saying it was likely to be in a nuclear fuel treatment site or center for radioactive medicine . since october 13 , 2017 , ruthenium 106 is no longer detected in france . 6 onwards . he added that the institute had not yet been in contact with kazakh authorities . as soon as it became aware of the first detections of ruthenium 106 in the atmosphere in europe , irsn mobilized all its means of radiological monitoring of the atmosphere and conducted regular analysis of the filters from its monitoring stations .
, los angeles 11656 wilshire blvd. it ’ s inked a deal to test sales at 7-eleven stores in california . ” the resulting mixture resembles a watery pancake batter and tastes , among other things and per a very official quartz analysis , like wet cardboard , glue , licking stamps , and stale cheerios . follow the link in our bio for our full blog . soylent kicking off the new year with new flavors : cacao + nectar ! , los angeles 5600 san vicente blvd. , los angeles 10834 santa monica blvd. , los angeles 11299 west washington blvd.
she continues to remain healthy and fit to serve as president of the united states. the new information from bardack , clinton ’ s doctor , further addressed her pneumonia diagnosis from last week . it came three days after clinton ’ s illness caused her to stumble out of a memorial service and forced her off the campaign trail . jon lapook told cbsn wednesday evening . ” cbs news ’ chief medical correspondent dr. well now we know , she had a cat scan . brian p. oz show . the fix ’ s aaron blake explains why .
morgan stanley said in a statement that a " significant number " of analysts in the ipo syndicate reduced estimates after facebook ' s may 9 disclosure . the new revenue forecast was $ 4.85 billion for 2012 , versus story_separator_special_tag and now for some more bombshell news about the facebook ipo ... investment bank analysts , on the other hand , are required to operate independently of the bankers and salesmen who are marketing stocks . what we didn ' t know was why . jpmorgan and goldman declined to comment . the analysts cut their estimates because a facebook executive who knew the business was weak told them to .
inside the cia team hunting bin laden , it always was clear that bin laden ' s vulnerability was his couriers . the crux of the bribery allegation involves a $ 9 million wire transfer from sargeant ’ s firm , directed to a mysterious figure in jordan ’ s intelligence agency identified in court documents only as “pasha. , and replaced by an ex-cia official with deep contacts in the jordanian government . mccain -- a champion of campaign-finance reform in the u.s. senate -- said he would return the donations after news articles in the washington post and the new york times raised questions about their legitimacy .
indeed , the book was so obviously anti-semitic that icke ’ s publisher refused to publish it , and he had to print it himself . the witnessing of a great soul . what moves you most in a book ? icke has long claimed that a shadowy cabal controls the world , a familiar antisemitic trope . a curious person ’ s dream come true . wrote tablet magazine ’ s yair rosenberg , among the most strident critics of walker ’ s comment . ” i wish i knew where we owned two or three thick volumes of english literature called “prose and poetry.
" novus and its ceo brad harris had their offices raided by the fbi ... for euthanizing patients for profits and committing medicaid/medicare fraud , ” kring wrote . harris , an accountant , instructed a nurse to administer overdoses to three patients and directed another employee to increase a patient ' s medication to four-times the maximum allowed , the fbi said . ( published wednesday , march 30 , 2016 ) harris also told other health-care executives over a lunch meeting that he wanted to " find patients who would die within 24 hours , " and made comments like , " if this f ----- would just die , " an fbi agent wrote in the warrant .
at cain ’ s nashua rally , which drew about 250 people to a room equipped to handle at least twice that number , he addressed what he called his “powerful pause that went viral on the internet , ” saying that he can ’ t be expected to have a deep knowledge of foreign affairs . the union leader ’ s endorsement is the state ’ s biggest prize for republicans leading up to the primary — now just seven weeks away — and is seen as a conservative stamp of approval elsewhere in the country . “nobody !
click here to hear kansas city royals ’ own version of the song . “it was just that word . lorde is also a massive history buff and her love of the real life royals of the past also played a part in creating the song . it ’ s really cool. the program director of the station responded by saying : “our listeners told us to do it , so we did it ! #gottogo ” wrote another . ” she adds , “like , the kings and queens of 500 years ago … they ’ re like rock stars .
hide caption 3 of 12 photos : deadly shooting in chattanooga , tennessee the rev . but at the other end of pennsylvania avenue , the flags at the white house noticeably remained at full-staff . drew mccallie prays during a church service in chattanooga on july 16. ” marcus luttrell , a retired navy seal whose story became the bestselling book lone survivor and a movie starring mark wahlberg , also took to facebook on monday night to call on the president to lower the flag . you cannot divide us . duncan hunter ( r-calif.
she also praised a record he once held for not missing a vote in congress in 13 years . 1 to begin his prison term . jackson jr. was sentenced to 2 1/2 years behind bars for stealing $ 750,0000 from his campaign fund while former ald . if she were to do so , she said , it would appear as if there were two systems of justice , " one for the well-connected and one for everybody else . mrs. that included bringing clean drinking water to ford heights . and sandi jackson added another layer of complexity to their relationship : both will be prison inmates .
” “every day , those employees would go into that office and saw those boxes and they did nothing , ” said hernandez mayoral , who is a former puerto rican senator and is affiliated with the island ’ s pro-commonwealth party . last month , puerto rico gov . follow me on twitter @biancajoanie story_separator_special_tag a rat infestation in a government office in florida contaminated supplies that could have been sent to puerto rico hurricane victims . it delivered only 50,000 of the 30 million meals promised , cnn reported . “as if there was no need on the island .
" depositions from ethan couch and his family reveal for the first time what the family knew the night ethan killed four people in a drunk driving crash and when they knew it . todd unger has more . " an attorney asked . psychologist dr. " no , " couch replied . ( abc news ) tonya couch testified that she couldn ' t remember the last time her son was punished during her deposition . couch ’ s sentence of 10 years ’ probation and time at a rehab center provoked outrage in light of prosecutors ' recommended 20-year prison sentence .
” says kevin o ' connor . the o ' connor family , who owns memories pizza , says they have a right to believe in their religion and protect those ideals . i choose to be heterosexual . i am disappointed that yelp is biased on how they handled this . i like trying small town restaurants and i like meeting good people . we love to stop by here for pizza or ice cream . super friendly staff . just disgusting . the pizza options were boring . they didn ' t need to work anymore . the o ' connors say they just don ' t agree with gay marriages and wouldn ' t cater them if asked to .
ups said it is still a partner of amazon . story_separator_special_tag amazon may be taking an even stronger hold on the delivery business 11 : 44 am et fri , 9 feb 2018 &#124; 00 : 50 amazon is gearing up to launch a delivery service for businesses , the wall street journal reported on friday . more cities are to follow . this would pit the e-commerce giant against the likes of fedex and ups . amazon wants to deliver everything you want to your doorstep , anywhere in the world . the service is called " shipping with amazon " and will see the tech giant picking up packages from businesses and delivering them to customers , the wsj said , citing people familiar with the matter .
the researchers didn ' t find an association between insulin resistance and other kinds of phthalates that are found in cosmetics and personal care products such as shampoos . canned foods may contain bpa because the chemical leaches from the liner into the food . in a study earlier this year , dr. their results : higher phthalate levels were linked to insulin resistance . today ' s obesity epidemic has also led to a diabetes epidemic -- today , 25.8 million people in the u.s. leonardo trasande , professor of environmental medicine and pediatrics at new york university .
that is 1 percentage point worse than the previous estimate that the recession reduced total output during that period by 4.1 percent . want to add to this story ? the last recession began in december 2007 and lasted until june 2009. and the unemployment rate has remained elevated ; it ' s now 9.2 percent . " from the wall street journal : the commerce department friday said gross domestic product rose at an annualized seasonally adjusted rate of 1.3 % in april through june , while first-quarter growth was revised down sharply to a 0.4 % rate from the earlier estimate of a 1.9 % gain .
i don ' t think it ' s very funny . according to ivey , the message said the woman was hiding in a bathroom and heard gunshots . it was a one second prank . " it was just a simple joke between my daughters and i , something we do every april fool ' s day , " timmons told wyff news4 ' s mike mccormick on wednesday . lt. sheriff chuck wright said as he was headed to the scene he was prepared to find a serious situation . i ' m not happy at all .
he has previously pressed sessions to investigate his perceived enemies and has accused sessions of failing to take control of the justice department . but some have indicated that trump may make a change after the elections . two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time . good job jeff ...... -- eric tucker contributed from washington and mike balsamo contributed from new york city . both were indicted on separate charges last month : rep. story_separator_special_tag in this july 13 , 2018 photo , attorney general jeff sessions delivers remarks in portland , maine .
israel clamped restrictions in the past on palestinians working inside the gaza strip near the security fence to prevent exactly the type of sniper incident that killed an israeli defense ministry worker on tuesday , government officials said . netanyahu said that israel would not tolerate a " drizzle " of attacks from gaza that would " turn into a storm . he was airlifted to soroka medical center in beersheba where he later succumbed to his wounds . " i am this attack , unlike the other terror attacks this week , elicited a quick and immediate response from netanyahu .
he said he blamed himself for being " distracted " but said he had not been on the bridge when the ship ran aground . mr schettino was arrested shortly afterwards . " it was as though there was a blackout in everyone ' s heads and in the instruments . schettino , who is charged with multiple manslaughter , causing the accident and abandoning his ship , was speaking after being freed from house arrest last week . in a letter published recently in italy ' s la corriere della sera newspaper , mr schettino argued that he had saved many lives by steering the stricken vessel into shallow water .
in the end , it took three officers , a “knee strike ” and a chemical spray to subdue kaine after he was identified as one of the counterprotesters who allegedly used fireworks or a smoke bomb to disrupt a rally in support of president donald trump at the minnesota state capitol , according to police spokesman steve linders . kaine cooperated and was taken into custody without further incident. and democratic vice presidential candidate tim kaine . anton william bueckert . jonathan adams . haley ryan . isabell kimball . paul . st. story_separator_special_tag linwood woody kaine , son of u.s. sen.
the trove of lennon memorabilia also includes a recording of a beatles concert from 1965 , a school exercise book from 1952 , contract documents for the copyright of lennon ' s " i ' m the greatest " song and handwritten scores for " woman " and " just like starting over . the retrieved possessions were displayed tuesday at berlin police headquarters . he has a previous conviction in new york related to the stolen items , she said . 21 , 2017 after german police have arrested a man ... the other suspect , who was arrested in berlin on monday , was identified as a 58-year-old german businessman of turkish origin .
26 , 2017 , file photo , a man watches a screen showing an image of north korean leader kim jong un , at the seoul train station in seoul , south korea . japan ' s nhk tv said the missile separated into three parts . " story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser pyongyang regularly argues that the u.s.-south korean military exercises are an invasion rehearsal . there was no damage to ships or anything else reported . but animosity is higher than usual following threats by u.s. president donald trump to unleash " fire and fury " on the north , and pyongyang ' s stated plan to consider firing some of its missiles toward guam .
but the defense bar has argued that courts sometimes place onerous restrictions on gaining access to evidence after a conviction and has , story_separator_special_tag bennett barbour was convicted in 1978 of a rape he didn ’ t commit . your pride ... ” as his voice trails off . please try again later . view all new york times newsletters . invalid email address . in one case prosecuted by mr. thank you for subscribing . that five years broke him. vance jr. the state ’ s officials know their criminal justice system is riddled with errors .
if you want beer downstairs there is a fridge with beer in it . to the right of entering is the kitchen . overall , beautifully decorated and most important , clean . we found union street guest house using a combination of yelp and google and saw they had a vacancy and we were able to book a room on line . to the left is the study that is full of pictures of past presidents along with a library that is mostly about our us presidents . “disgusting ! ” fellow new yorker elizabeth c. said .
in an interview on cnn ' s " state of the union , " kellyanne conway says that comey could be accused of interfering in the election if he didn ' t disclose that clinton-related emails were under fbi investigation for the second time in a year . " in fact , it ' s not just strange , it ' s unprecedented and it ' s deeply troubling because voters deserve to get full and complete facts . " of course , donald trump is already making up lies about this , " clinton said . ___ 10 : 05 a.m. donald trump ' s campaign manager says fbi director james comey was in an impossible spot when he publicly acknowledged that his agency was looking into a potential new set of messages from hillary clinton ' s private email server .
" they are not getting back together , " a friend of scarlett ' s tells me . " it was harsh . laughing and smiling.yet that ' s what went down on friday night at blue ribbon restaurant in new york city , where scarlett johansson and ryan reynolds were spotted sharing " a friendly meal , " according to a new report from people.com in their joint statement about their decision to split up , the pair had expressed a mutual intention to show " love and kindness " even as they ended the marriage -- and this weekend , that goal was on full display .
called gravity , the blanket ’ s selling point was that , by generating “the feeling of being held or hugged , � ? play replay with sound play with sound 00 : 00 00 : 00 you ' ll need an html5 capable browser to see this content . it could be used to treat everything from insomnia to anxiety . all without ever filling a prescription . for these conditions . but on thursday , the company quietly deleted the bold medical claims on its crowdfunding site — language that violated kickstarter policy and went against fda recommendations — after stat inquired about its promotional statements .
" his endorsement was released hours after the republican presumptive nominee donald trump launched a broad attack on clinton ' s experience , honesty and foreign policy experience in a 40-minute speech . ” third , obama regretted succumbing to pressure from his own advisers as well as from european allies to intervene in libya in 2011. in 2009 , he felt the pentagon had “jammed ” him into approving a troop surge in afghanistan ; four years later , he felt he was being jammed again . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites .
” it was then that they called sanco ’ s employer who said he was supposed to return to work days ago . the sanco couple were renting a holiday home from pat and earl lambert . " they purchased 13 gallons of fuel . we ' re told donna and forrest originally took off from a small airfield in cresson , southwest of fort worth story_separator_special_tag by ricardo wells tribune staff reporter rwells@tribunemedia.net authorities have ruled out an area of debris near cat island which they thought could be remnants of the plane carrying missing american honeymooners forrest and donna sanco .
” “gender confirmation surgery is something i think anybody in my position , or the girls ’ position , of course you look into , ” jenner previously said of undergoing the surgery on a 2016 episode of i am cait . the 67-year-old former olympic gold medalist claims she came clean so fans will stop asking about her nether regions . photos : destroyed by fame ! get push notifications with news , features and more . “i just want to have all the right parts . “for me , i have no idea what the future holds.
study highlights : a commonly used heartburn medication caused blood vessel cells to age faster in laboratory testing . ” although ppis can be effective for short-term use , they are not meant for extended treatment , researchers said . " patient safety is a top priority ... " just watched drug-resistant bacteria when healthy , human endothelial cells create a teflon-like coating that prevents blood from sticking . at the lowest doses , the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke . cooke , m.d. in fact , the u.s. food and drug administration estimates that 1 in 14 americans have used ppis .
pearl harbor isn ' t funny . image copyright afp image caption japan ' s women ' s team had been defeated 5-2 in sunday night ' s match victory for the us against japan in the women ' s world cup final turned into a twitter row on monday after some fans began to relate the win to japan ' s 1941 attack on the us navy ' s pearl harbor base . " pearl harbor ? — kami mattioli ( @kmattio ) july 5 , 2015 " they destroyed pearl habor , we destroyed their dreams , " said another user sean garcia .
the e-mail searches stemmed from hammonds ’ s and other officials ’ concerns that confidential information about the disciplinary process in that case was leaking to the media . get fast forward in your inbox : forget yesterday ' s news . sign up thank you for signing up ! i have been in discussions to return to academia and my research for some time , ” hammonds said in brief comments provided by a spokeswoman . neither hammonds , her boss , faculty of arts and sciences dean michael d. smith , nor harvard ’ s president , drew faust , would make themselves available for an interview tuesday .
schwarz recalled , during a recorded interview with the brennan center ’ s michael german , being involved in the first and “most comprehensive ” investigation into the intelligence community , which was aimed at being “open and rigorous ” — challenging senators who willfully turned a blind eye to the nation ’ s spies and their misdeeds . frank church . snowden has been living in russia since he fled the u.s. via hong kong in 2013. and most importantly , snowden ’ s actions were not for personal benefit , but were intended to spur reform .
and the #metoo campaign and the rapid push in recent months to increase accountability for sexual misconduct in american workplaces do not appear to have sparked a movement toward changing how medical boards deal with physicians who act out sexually against patients or staffers . an associated press investigation finds that even as hollywood moguls , elite journalists ... ) police department , robert rook is seen in this june 3 , 2016 , photo . " they could tell the public that they will investigate every single case . but across the country , most doctors accused of sexual misconduct avoid a medical license review entirely .
“whether he ’ s michael or fredo , ” he replied . to read about time ’ s choice in spanish and portuguese , click below . they flew coach on delta from washington with tickets paid for by dutch computer hackers . 16 , 2013 edith windsor ’ s living room is filled with mementos of a battle she never expected to wage . the assads are ­alawites , a shi‘ite-related minority sect , and hafez assad ruled his 80 % sunni country with a relentless brutality . seuss ’ s green eggs and ham .
“if , as [ dunham ’ s ] character suggests in the show ’ s first episode , she is the voice of her generation , then one could seriously argue that we ’ re doomed , ” the national review warned in 2013. the right to vote ? the girls actress penned an empowering instagram post thanking glamour magazine for not photoshopping her cellulite out of their february 2017 cover . the apartments they inhabit are dim and cramped . in hindsight it seems that perhaps its detractors saw before anyone else what a force girls would
” “share this document , ” the flyer says . we ' re not asking for impeachment , we ' re asking for the arrest of everyone in government who has violated their oath of office . america is calling out to our patriots , and if any group can help lead the charge to save our nation , it ’ s the u.s. truckers. john mccain ( r-ariz. ) as “domestic enemies. " the only thing that motivates every politician is their money — cutting off their money-flow cuts off their life-blood . " conlon cited the idea of a citizens grand jury – meaning a pool of jurors convened without court approval – as the mechanism for indicting the officials .
exclusive syrian centre for policy research says 470,000 deaths is twice un ’ s figure with ‘human development ruined ’ after 45 % of population is displaced syria ’ s national wealth , infrastructure and institutions have been “almost obliterated ” by the “catastrophic impact ” of nearly five years of conflict , a new report has found . the u.s. officials weren ' t authorized to speak publicly about private diplomatic discussions in the run-up to the munich conference and demanded anonymity . " we will overall economic losses are estimated at $ 255bn ( £ 175bn ) .
results : cigarette initiation during follow-up was reported by 40.4 % of e-cigarette users ( n = 59 ) and 10.5 % of never users ( n = 16 ) . a usc study of 5,490 high school juniors and seniors shows tobacco use among teens in southern california is on the rise . photo many teenagers who never would have smoked cigarettes are now “vaping ” with flavored e-cigarettes , leading to a new generation using nicotine at rates not seen since the 1990s , a new study suggests . nobody knows yet . the end glows as you inhale .
" with the rain that ' s predicted , that ' s not going to help things as that water has no place to go , " said lt. a member of the u.s. air force thunderbirds crashed in colorado following a flyover for the air force academy graduation where president barack obama spoke . then she heard sirens and went around the corner . ( paul moseley/star-telegram ... my heart is just broken . jeff kuss . in smyrna , retired teacher brenda lewis and her 21-year-old grandson had spent much of the day in her backyard near the airport watching the blue angels fly overhead .
jim : pic.twitter.com/kywumcfp2c — matt ’ s idea shop ( @mattsideashop ) october 19 , 2018 update ( 2 : 15am ) : acosta offered this apology to justin , telling him he thought he was an “old friend from the campaign days. i ’ m so sorry . have a good night and take care . i suppose the wh loves those kinds of shenanigans . dear diary … .. reps for cnn declined to comment . nearly impossible to do live tv . they can ’ t hear either . ” mocked caporale . acosta has long been a lightning rod among trump-die hards and a frequent jousting partner for the president at press events .
he was handcuffed , put in a patrol car and taken to the police station . dennis rodman has been arrested for dui ... “he ’ s never met him , he ’ s never talked with his people. what has he done in general ? tmz has learned . cops administered a field sobriety test , which he flunked . rodman was busted for dui back in 1999 . we ' re told rodman was cooperative and submitted to a breathalyzer test , and he blew over the .08 legal limit . rodman was driving in newport beach saturday at around 11 pm when cops pulled him over for a traffic violation .
" by reducing wasted food in landfills , we cut harmful methane emissions that fuel climate change , conserve our natural resources and protect our planet for future generations , " said epa administrator gina mccarthy in a statement . http://usat.ly/1kglqbh news release release no . but those use-by and sell-by dates on food packages can be misleading . research has shown that common reasons for food waste include consumer concerns about eating fresh and safe food . meanwhile , 14 % of u.s. households are considered food insecure — they don ' t have enough food to sufficiently feed themselves .
hide caption 2 of 18 18 photos : photos : showdown in nevada photos : showdown in nevada – bundy family members and supporters of rancher cliven bundy set up for a " patriot party " on april 18. on saturday , hundreds of protesters gathered outside the blm ' s cattle gate , according to cnn affiliate klas . u.s. sen. gov . some of them were armed . brian sandoval , who had complained about the blm ' s handling of the roundup , issued a statement praising the agency for its willingness to listen to the state ' s concerns .
thae yong-ho and his family are under the government ' s protection , a south korean official said . he indulged in curry at an indian restaurant in the west london neighborhood where he lived . so it was a shock on wednesday when south korea announced that mr. the bbc ' s diplomatic correspondent , james robbins , says it now looks as if mr thae ' s heart may not have been in the task of defending north korea . he had been due to return to pyongyang with his wife and children . thae had betrayed his hermetic homeland by becoming the most senior north korean official to defect in nearly two decades .
what we do for a living is not normal , and therefore the process is not normal sometimes , and to expect it to be normal is to not understand what happens on set . that was bad . walter only because you brought it up , jeffrey , in that article ! - horrified that i wasn ’ t more aware of how this incident affected her . it sounds like i ’ m excusing jeffery . bateman exactly . and i consider him one of my favorite , most valued people in my life . cross i agree with everybody .
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . los angeles ( ap ) — tyra banks is hosting the 12th season of " america ' s got talent .
the world anti-doping agency ( wada ) has announced that its database was accessed by a russian hacking group , which posted the confidential medical data of several us athletes online on monday . the hacker group had accused her of taking an " illicit psycho-stimulant " , but she said she had " always followed the rules " . athletes affected include tennis players venus and serena williams and teenage gymnast simone biles . in other words , they just got their licences for doping. that group is believed to be associated with g.r.u. in making the disclosure , fancy bear said it planned to release more information in due course .
but it ' s clear this is not yet a full-scale ground invasion . in gaza city overnight , plumes of black smoke could be seen from the border area where israeli troops were operating , ap news agency reported . ' heavy clashes ' announcing the ground offensive , the israeli military said : " following 10 days of hamas attacks by land , air and sea , and after repeated rejections of offers to de-escalate the situation , the idf [ israel defense forces ] has initiated a ground operation within the gaza strip . a hamas spokesman said israel would " pay a high price " for its actions .
) are all scheduled to speak in a broad show of support for the party ’ s unconventional nominee . check out our story_separator_special_tag republicans will officially nominate donald trump donald trumpbannon rips ' corporatist , globalist media ' dnc candidate harrison drops out , backs perez for chairman muslim white house staffer quits , slamming trump ’ s travel ban more for president on tuesday . 1. in the 1990s , brown played sheila carter first on the young and the restless and then on the bold and the beautiful . 2. she has an avocado farm in california .
a lot of people are saying that there ' s a possibility that #sandrabland was dead &amp; then the police took her mugshot " it needs to be a thorough and exhaustive review . " most of those questions and conspiracy theories were dispelled on july 28 , when prosecutors released video of bland walking through the jail and posing for her mugshot during the booking process : view this post on facebook facebook : video.php before the video was released , the strongest evidence was bland ' s voicemail to a texas friend , levaughn mosley , from her cell .
trump comments ' clearly ' racist , says gary johnson amid antisemitism furor read more using twitter again , trump said : “dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff ’ s star , or plain star ! candidates should know that. key partners on this effort are the environmental data &amp; governance initiative and the data refuge project . ” mr. now , not only won ’ t he apologize for it , he ’ s peddling lies and blaming others.
president obama wipes tears as he makes a statement at the white house in response to the elementary school shooting in connecticut on friday . " we grieve for the families of those we lost . " any of these neighborhoods could be our own , " obama said in his weekly radio address . " but obama went no further than that , and again stopped short of specifically calling for tighter gun-control laws . boehner added : " i join the president -- and all americans -- in sending prayers and condolences to the victims ' loved ones .
al-reza pahlavi ’ s father was the shah of iran and a close american ally . boston police spokeswoman elaine driscoll said that “preliminary investigation suggests that the bullet wound was self-inflicted. the 44-year-old son of the late shah of iran died early this morning inside his south end home after he allegedly shot himself , according to law enforcement officials and a web posting by his brother . alireza ... she also battled emotional problems for many years . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ’ ’ jake wark , a spokesman for suffolk district attorney daniel f.
posting a photo of the ceremony on twitter , biden wrote , " proud to marry brian and joe at my house . " the vice president publicly endorsed same sex marriage in 2012. pic.twitter.com/0om1pt7bkh — vice president biden ( @vp ) august 1 , 2016 his office said the vice president obtained a temporary certification from the district of columbia to preside over the wedding ceremony , which was attended only by the grooms ' families . biden ' s wife , jill , later tweeted : " love is love ! abc news ' arlette saenz contributed to this report .
it is , of course , significant because it was the most horrific display in world history of inhumanity , one that simply defies words and challenges meaning . after sunday ' s summons he added : " story_separator_special_tag fbi director james comey ( cliff owen/associated press ) the polish ambassador to washington has protested , the polish president has protested , the speaker of the polish parliament ( to whom i am married ) has protested — and the u.s. ambassador to warsaw has apologized profusely . i have asked those questions since i was a young teenager .
the magazine posted a video to its website on wednesday of gigi hadid staring into the camera for four minutes . and she ' s also one of glamour ' s 2017 women of the year ; she joins an impressive class that includes nicole kidman , solange knowles , patty jenkins , and maxine waters . i lost staring contests every time. silently . hadid truly is the queen of eye contact . or a new episode of spongebob squarepants ? ( unless you were me , of course . her followers — 36 million and counting on instagram — are listening .
scientists have learned that upwards of 25 percent of all people who become infected with ebola show none of the typical symptoms . we identified 14 seropositive individuals not known to have had ebola virus disease . evidence for minimally symptomatic ebola virus ( ebov ) infection is limited . igg responses to ebola glycoprotein and nucleoprotein were measured using alpha diagnostic international elisa kits with plasma diluted at 1 : 200. the finding suggests the recent west african ebola epidemic was more widespread than previously thought , and that new methods need to be developed to diagnose and contain the dreaded virus during an outbreak .
“it is unclear which one it was. tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . the saturday morning service recognizes “the first resurrection of our savior and lord jesus christ , ” father constantine moralis said . ( barbara haddock taylor , baltimore sun video ) business and civic leaders attend a breakfast during the release of annual state of downtown baltimore report . the group fired on birds . robert meilhammer , a 51-year-old resident of crapo in dorchester county , was hunting as part of a larger party near the miles river around 5 p.m. when a flock of geese flew overhead .
story_separator_special_tag police are searching for a suspect in the monday shooting in the russian city of belgorod . his residence was earlier cordoned off by police . border and customs controls have also been placed on high alert . to follow tuesday ’ s updates click here . one of the girls , a 16-year-old , was taken to a local hospital , but died later in the icu . nb : this story is developing . police said the assailant opened “random fire ” at about 2 p.m. police presence was beefed up in belgorod with sounds of sirens breaking the silence in now almost empty streets .
" the pope ' s comments came in response to a question about a german cardinal who said the catholic church should apologize for being " very negative " about gays . " one can condemn , but not for theological reasons , but for reasons of political behavior ... and we must accompany them well . and the pope is correct of course . " he said then . " " while st. and second , because no group feels more marginalized in the church today than lgbt people . turkey has always disputed the numbers killed and angrily rejects the term " genocide " .
participants were divided into four groups based on their reported marijuana use : low or non-users ( 46 percent ) ; early chronic users ( 22 percent ) ; participants who only smoked marijuana during adolescence ( 11 percent ) ; and those who began using marijuana later in their teen years and continued using the drug ( 21 percent ) . " what we found was a little surprising , " said lead researcher jordan bechtold , phd , a psychology research fellow at the university of pittsburgh medical center . “in fact , there were no significant differences between marijuana trajectory groups in terms of adult health outcomes , even when models were run without controlling for potential confounds.
the vehicle was traveling at 24 mph in a 35 mph zone . " after 1.2 million miles of autonomous driving ( that ' s the human equivalent of 90 years of driving experience ) , we ' re proud to say we ' ve never been ticketed ! " like this officer , people sometimes flag us down when they want to know more about our project , " the google self-driving car project said in its post . " zandr milewski photographed the car stop from an office building at 5150 el camino real in los altos .
" we found that signs of autism are measurable and observable within the first months of life , " said study author warren jones , director of research at the marcus autism center at children ' s healthcare of atlanta . “documenting that there ’ s a developmental difference between 2 and 6 months is a major , major finding. symptoms may be mild , as in asperger syndrome , or severe , as in full-blown autism . by contrast , babies who did not develop autism looked increasingly at people ’ s eyes until about 9 months old , and then kept their attention to eyes fairly constant into toddlerhood .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . learn more story_separator_special_tag the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
your reaction ? can you find it ? sorry , but you can only react up to 3 times ! it looks like you ' ve already used that reaction on this post . story_separator_special_tag there ' s a panda amongst them ! oops !
" that ' s why i ' m in it , that ' s what it ' s all about . he said he was there to remember the soldiers who lost their lives fighting for the confederacy and support the ongoing movement to do so . the monument was surrounded by a black metal fence and flanked by two other monuments . lee clashed with counter protesters . robert e. ( ap photo/brynn anderson ) ( associated press ) brantley , ala. 27 , 2017 . , sunday , aug. confederate flags were flown throughout the park and several attendants were dressed in confederate garb .
" and i tell you . add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . " i thought i would never live to get in the white house , " says mclaurin , who was there for black history month . she then squeals and laughs with delight . ” the president proclaims of his adorable guest . a sweet video from the encounter shows mclaurin vivaciously walking into the room to meet with the couple . " no , you are not ! #blackhistorymonth https://t.co/capi3heomt some people wait a lifetime !
" sinjar district ' s estimated population of 308,000 includes about 150,000 children story_separator_special_tag yazidi women who fled the violence in the northern iraqi town of sinjar sit tuesday at a school where they are taking shelter , in the city of dohuk in iraq ' s semi-autonomous kurdistan region . some did not manage to escape . “i saw their bodies with my own eyes. many panicked yazidis scrambled to find water and food for their children before climbing into their vehicles and rushing to surrounding mountains . almost 70 children between the ages of one month and four died of thirst or hunger , said dakheel .
that ' s what a california judge did tuesday when she dismissed a copyright lawsuit against the pop star that accused her of stealing another artist ' s lyrics for her hit song " shake it off . ” swift ’ s chorus runs : “ ’ cause the players gonna play , play , play , play , play/ and the haters gonna hate , hate , hate , hate , hate. read more he claimed that his song " haters gone hate " had the same 22-word phrase that swift used in her song .
in target ’ s case , however , the data that was stolen appears to be much more significant and ripe for fraud . ” a spokeswoman for neiman marcus , ginger reeder , asserted on thursday that the holiday season had nothing to do with its decision . the company only publicly acknowledged the data breach last friday after facing inquiries from a journalist specializing in computer security , brian krebs . globally , this trend will probably continue because malware offers important cost and risk advantages over hardware skimming techniques . but it noted that it does not collect pins in its stores .
amid all this insight , the fact that van gogh ' s colours are not always in their pristine glory is hard to assimilate . ‘normally , the idea is these paintings are there for a hundred years , or five hundred years , and they ’ re static – nothing really changes , ’ says koen janssens from the university of antwerp , belgium . the researchers think that when red lead is exposed to light it is converted into plumbonacrite , which reacts another intimate revelation about van gogh ' s working habits is that he regularly reused his canvases , painting over early works .
he put on a private concert for the president of kazakhstan ' s grandson . " it was once part of the soviet union . kanye west paid millions to perform in borat land kanye west -- paid millions to perform in borat land exclusive raked in millions of dollars this weekend to play a gig in ... its currency is a tenge . not so nice.other facts about kazakhstan : did not invent it for " . kazakhstan ! oil and livestock are a pretty big deal . the occasion ? meanwhile , all three of nazarbayev ' s daughters are successful businesswomen who have all married wealthy husbands .
according to the national weather service , the average temperature for death valley in july was a blistering 107.4 degrees . also the hottest month ever . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . keep in mind that that number is an average of all the high and low temperatures . it was not a world record , however : climatologist brian brettschneider said the world record warm month was in august 2015 , when king khaled , saudi arabia , measured an average temperature of 107.44 degrees . “it should be noted that this is the hottest average monthly temperature ever measured in the u.s. or , for that matter , anywhere in the western hemisphere , ” weather underground weather historian christopher burt told the capital weather gang .
ary was convicted of stealing and selling hundreds of space artifacts , many on loan from nasa to the cosmosphere . the other bag was an apollo 17 lunar sample bag that was flown to the lunar surface aboard the lunar module challenger . aldrin jr. wichita , kan. in 2005 , mr. 15 , 2015 for $ 995 to nancy carlson in inverness , illinois . this report contains material from the associated press . armstrong and edwin e. federal prosecutors want the federal judge in kansas who handled ary ' s criminal case and subsequent forfeiture to rescind the sale and refund carlson her money .
” jamie and phillip with his upgraded bag “it ’ s been crazy , ” says 33-year-old company director phillip from nunthorpe . boyle told gazettelive when we got in the taxi we didn ’ t even have flights . yeah , they did that . the gazette first broke news of the story on monday after learning that the pair - who started their friday night at the southern cross in marton for a ‘quiet pint ’ - had ended up jetting out to thailand in a drunken haze . view gallery so ... it ’ s a last minute bad idea – but one of those bad ideas that turns into a good idea .
paul lepage attacked maine ’ s hospitals on friday for supporting the medicaid expansion referendum on the nov. “these hospitals are in danger of closing their doors , and medicaid expansion would not maine is one of 19 states – and the only one in new england – that hasn ’ t approved medicaid expansion . about 265,000 mainers currently have medicaid . story_separator_special_tag gov . maine medical center responded in a statement provided to the portland press herald by hospital spokeswoman caroline cornish . and mr. maine ’ s uninsured rate was 9.1 percent in 2016 , according to gallup polling .
it ' s like magic , but i live in los angeles where nobody uses their signals and that ' s why this new tesla patent filing is especially exciting . the feature would reportedly enable autopilot to drive on its own on the highway without inputs from the driver , including lanes changes . of course , it ’ s not a reason to not activate your turn signal since any good driver knows that you should activate it before taking any action and not when you are just about to cross a lane line , but it is certainly better than no turn signal at all .
they estimated that there were 263,600 cases of skin cancer in 2015 that could be attributed to the use of tanning beds . the results also don ’ t include costs associated with other health problems blamed on tanning beds , such as burns . with data on the prevalence of tanning device use in the u.s. ( reuters health ) - skin cancers caused by indoor tanning are responsible for $ 343 million a year in direct medical costs for u.s. patients , a recent study suggests . indoor tanning has long been tied to skin cancer , the most common type of cancer in the us .
“i believe you are a good person , but i do not believe that this film is a good film , ” assange wrote . the letter exchange took place in january . wikileaks enraged the united states in 2010 by publishing hundreds of thousands of classified documents on the wars in iraq and afghanistan , as well as a huge cache of us diplomatic cables that embarrassed governments worldwide . our paths will be forever entwined . related how does benedict cumberbatch ' s ' grinch ' measure up to the classic christmas tale ? wikileaks founder julian assange may be a fan of benedict cumberbatch , but the controversial activist isn ’ t happy with the actor ’ s new wikileaks film , “the fifth estate.
mr. it ’ s twitter ’ s theme over the past year . “i like the fact that twitter is unapologetic to that . mccue of flipboard says twitter and its c.e.o . a simpler , more reliable way for partners to host their video makes for a better , media-rich stream . he started at twitter as chief operations officer and became chief executive in 2010 , after mr. ” twitter has defended the privacy of its users . mr. costolo brought back mr. mr. mr. dorsey said . although mr.
getty images the food and drug administration announced on tuesday that it will make a brand of emergency contraception known as plan b one-step available over the counter for women ages 15 and older , and with a prescription for younger teens . in addition , teva has arranged to have a security tag placed on all product cartons to prevent theft . " it ' s also a decision that moves us closer to these critical availability decisions being based on science , not politics . patty murray ( d-wash. sen. hamburg , m.d . a customer who cannot provide age verification will not be able to purchase the product .
that review , prosecutors said " jeenah moon/reuters a hearing friday in manhattan federal court was put on hold until monday after an attorney for trump intervened and requested additional time . prosecutors say they ' ve set up what story_separator_special_tag president donald trump ' s personal attorney michael cohen has been under criminal investigation for months , largely centering around his business dealings , federal prosecutors in new york said in court documents obtained by abc news . " we don ' t need to rush , " hendon said . " both parties recognize the search of an attorney ' s devices and offices are subject to special consideration .
u.s. president donald trump labored with south korea ' s moon jae-in tuesday to keep ... " whether the us will meet us at a meeting room or encounter us at nuclear-to-nuclear showdown is entirely dependent upon the decision and behaviour of the united states . some may say this is a typical pyongyang power play . but it was also so avoidable . a group of international journalists , who have been invited to observe the event , are on their way there . seib explains why . north korea had made it clear last week that mentioning the libyan model of denuclearisation touched a nerve .
focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . story_separator_special_tag sandra bullock home intruder may have kept diary about her it may not have been a random act of misfortune when sandra bullock ' s home was broken into early sunday morning the 39-year-old intruder , identified as joshua corbett , may have been obsessed with the oscar-winning actress , law enforcement sources tell today . " she is unharmed and is fine , " her rep told people at the time .
texas ' highest criminal court has given a reprieve to roberson , who was set for execution next week for the ... daughter based on junk science and highly inflammatory sexual-abuse allegations that were false , ” his lawyers said in their court filing . death row inmate robert roberson is seen in an undated photo provided by the texas department of criminal justice . robert roberson iii , 49 , was set to die tuesday for the february 2002 death of his daughter , nikki curtis , at his home in palestine in east texas . the anderson county district attorney ' s office did not immediately respond to a message left friday .
' " his opinion preserves the illusion of a court that impartially rules on the law and is not — in four cases at least — intensely motivated by partisan political considerations . it ' s easy to like roberts . tennis? he upheld obamacare ! ahahaha , dad just dougie ' d . they ' re idiots . congress already possesses expansive power to regulate what people do . that there was even a debate was fundamentally absurd . it ' s tempting to conflate appearance and character , to paint onto a welcome canvas things with which you agree and omit those things that seem ugly .
" we , my son and i , got her a pair of sandals and a glass of water and within about five minutes the house was in flames and the windows exploded , " saltalamacchia told abc news monday . he said another neighbor called beliveau ' s ex-husband but did not hear back from him . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . lt. kevin c. all rights reserved . ( taunton , mass. saltalamacchia said beliveau is divorced with two adult children .
trump said on the 250th anniversary of jackson ' s birth that jackson was " one of our great presidents . " " the order ... " that pledge was broken when the revised order rescinded the original . trump made a speech at a rally in nashville wednesday night . " the decision in hawaii was just the latest hindrance to trump ' s ongoing promise to protect the country from terrorism . the president noted at the rally that steps were taken to defend the order against further disputation , saying , " this new order was tailored to the dictates of the 9th circuit ' s -- in my opinion -- flawed ruling .
the words written on the bomb are an unpleasant example of everything that ’ s wrong with our current approach to foreign policy and our penchant for funding chaotic conflicts that further destabilise countries and create the conditions ideal for extremism to flourish . manchester is grieving . " love from manchester ❤ , " it reads , in all caps . the people of manchester have pulled together in a time of crisis , showing incredible strength in supporting one another , regardless of religion , ethnicity or background . ) after the appalling tragedy in my hometown of manchester on monday night , the photograph sickens me .
after quipping that his fellow panelists looked like " tyler perry ' s of mice and men , " buress put in plain terms exactly how he felt about the guest of honor : " they say that you roast the ones you love , but i don ' t like you at all , man . his set was staggeringly tasteless , touching on : rape ; isis beheadings ; eric garner and the nypd ; kevin hart killing his ex-wife ; bill cosby ' s alleged sexual assaults ( twice ) ; slavery ; bruce jenner ' s gender reassignment ; and , finally , one last isis joke , for which bieber stood to enthusiastically applaud .
lawmakers also voiced " grave concern " over allegations that similar surveillance programs are run by several of the 28 eu member states , such as the united just watched official : nsa spying on eu ' out of control ' replay more videos ... sigmar gabriel , leader of the spd , said german authorities should quickly contact snowden and consider giving him witness protection , german news magazine spiegel said on thursday . bush - and down from a previous level of 65 percent . he is currently in limbo in a transit area of moscow ' s airport as the united states pressures moscow to expel him home .
" romney ' s campaign confirmed wednesday that he continues to support mourdock and has not asked that the ad be pulled . but other prominent republicans are still weighing their options on mourdock . " " the only exception i have to have an abortion is in the case of the life of the mother , " said mourdock . ... update : oct. washington -- sen. john mccain ( r-ariz. " let me make a very simple proposition . " it ’ s when you don ' t own up to it when people will not believe you .
anurag , who was nearly lynched and had to be hospitalised , told the police that he loved jayshree , a doctor posted in the children ’ s ward of the gandhi medical college in bhopal , and could not bear to see her getting married to another man . anurag had stayed at the girl ' s place four years back for his bank exams . one bullet hit jayshree just below her throat . women. he had masked his face as he quietly climbed onto the dais and went on a shooting spree . story_separator_special_tag jayshree ( inset ) ; anurag posing with a rifle in a photo on his facebook page .
but brazil ' story_separator_special_tag image copyright getty images image caption the caesarean rate in brazil is more than 50 % new rules have come into force in brazil aimed at reducing the country ' s high number of caesarean births . in public hospitals , that figure is approximately 40 percent . each pregnant woman will now be assigned medical notes which record the history of her pregnancy , which she can take with her if she changes doctors . consequently , we carried out an exploratory study to investigate obstetricians dr. much higher than the u.s. that contrasts with 30 percent of women in the united states and 1 in 4 women in britain .
" the home was fully engulfed in flames , " said plano fire and rescue spokeswoman peggy harrell . 27 , 2014 ) one of the men , later identified as 72-year-old rex benson , was unable to get out of the house again and died . “it was a terrible miscalculation on their part . hampton said he had to stop the daughter from going back in . story_separator_special_tag updated at 3 : 30 p.m. ( published thursday , feb. the fire was reported shortly after 1 a.m. at the home in the 800 block of haggard street , fire capt .
' " sarpong said . story_separator_special_tag montpelier — a judge has granted police an arrest warrant for the killing of a montpelier man early sunday morning , but the suspect remains at large and may have fled the state , according to police . " drag racing up and down . during the altercation austin assaulted caballero ' s girlfriend , witnesses said . he said caballero appeared to show sympathy just seconds after pulling the trigger . cars constantly in and out , " said a neighbor . she is scheduled to be arraigned in washington county superior court criminal division this afternoon .
he was responsible for apple ’ s maps , and in his presentation of the system he seemed to insist it to be the best in the world , which it wasn ’ t . forstall recently told people that there is no " decider " now that mr. ] apple is a software company apple is a software company . forstall ' s departure came after mounting tension with members of apple ' s executive ranks . [ above : forstall out as apple ceo takes control. this is the kind of volatile yet mission critical environment that needs team players , not mandarins .
francis of assisi , whose name he took as pope . peter ' s square , the argentine pope underlined his central message since he was elected by a secret conclave of cardinals last wednesday - that the church ' s mission was to defend the poor and disadvantaged . ” francis ’ reference to st. joseph . ” but he added , “let us never forget that authentic power is service. addressing up to 200,000 people including many foreign leaders gathered under bright sunshine in st. on tuesday , francis sent his predecessor a warm greeting “full of affection and gratitude , ” drawing long applause from the crowd .
statement from the board says move is a step towards justice for victims ‘silenced by harvey weinstein ’ us film and tv studio the weinstein company , whose ex-chairman harvey weinstein has been accused of sexual harassment and assault , said on monday it has filed for bankruptcy with an offer from an affiliate of private equity firm lantern capital partners to acquire its assets . both could be among potential bidders in the auction . the company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward . but the deal was scuttled when new york state attorney general eric schneiderman brought a wide-ranging lawsuit alleging violations of civil rights , human rights and business laws .
ri was said to have been executed for falling asleep during a meeting chaired by kim . two senior north korean officials were executed with an anti-aircraft gun in early august on the orders of kim jong un , south korea ’ s joongang ilbo newspaper reported , citing people it did not identify . “i understand he was executed because policy proposals he had pushed for were seen as a direct challenge to the kim jong-un leadership . " the charges are obviously trumped up , and this is how promotion or demotion often works in totalitarian states without legitimate venues for opposition .
sherman lyrics : ( 1 ) it ' s a world of laughter a world of tears it ' s a world of hopes and a world of fears there ' s so much that we share that it ' s time we ' re aware it ' s a small world after all ( 2 ) it ' s a small world after all it ' s a small world after all it ' s a small world after all it ' s a small , small world ( 3 ) there is desert all around and one golden sun and a smile means friendship to everyone just a mountain is so much and the ocean is so what its a small world after all repeat ( 2 ) repeat ( 1 ) repeat ( 2 ) story_separator_special_tag how do you sum up the work of songwriter robert b.
that is why president obama is traveling to cuba , " rhodes wrote . " we still have differences with the cuban government that i will raise directly . carter also made a trip in 2011. 17 , 2016 , at the bottom of a meeting , where he announced that former ibm ceo sam palmisano , former ... first lady michelle obama will travel with the president to cuba , and the first family will join him in argentina . " our flag flies over our embassy in havana once again . interested in ? the move comes roughly 15 months following the president ' s pledge with raul castro to reopen diplomatic channels following a prisoner exchange and the humanitarian release of u.s. contractor alan gross in december 2014.
valles-flores died of his injuries on the garage roof . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . read more : update : motorcycle passenger dies in 3-vehicle crash at highways 316 and 61 &#124; village dissatisfied with former deputy ' s final plea sentence there was no apparent argument leading up to the attack , though in a recorded jail call miguel allegedly said he had been teased and was not getting paid , as well as that he thought he had been possibly drugged to work more " and didn ' t feel right , " according to the complaint .
reuters/belgian federal police/handout via reuters brussels brussels suicide bomber najim laachraoui was a nice , intelligent boy , his brother said on thursday , and gave no warning signs of being radicalised before he left for syria in 2013 and broke all contact with his family . 13. he was pushing a luggage trolley that contained a bomb hidden in a suitcase . " we haven ' t heard from him since , " she said . 2015 , according to the prosecutor . the last time he saw najim , he told a news conference , he looked " normal .
broke with major european retailers on tuesday by announcing its own plan for improving safety at bangladesh garment factories . but wal-mart emphasized that the documents dated back a year . when fire and building safety issues are found , wal-mart said it will require factory owners to make necessary renovations or risk being removed from its list of authorized factories . earlier this week — cited that accord ' s legally binding provisions . andria cheng reports . photo : ap . meanwhile , j.c. penney co. , sears holdings corp. wal-mart maintained on tuesday that it had no involvement at the rana plaza building , playing down the newly discovered documents .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . organizations that support the goals/activity of organized labor and social and economic justice for working people ; and websites that promote democracy within labor unions . wagner labor archives ( designated by the new york city central labor council as the official repository for their member unions ' records ) . for technical , privacy and other reasons , archived websites may not be exact copies of the original website at the time of the web crawl .
jordan was charged with assault and child endangerment . in their booking photos , two of the women appear to be smiling after their arrests . figuring out what to do with trump ' s base means admitting they are racist dylan matthews has a wonderful piece up on vox , taking trump voters ’ concerns seriously means listening to what they ’ re actually saying , which points out that in order to heal the great divide in the united states we ’ re going to have to admit what trump ’ s popularity is all about : a fading , racist white majority is struggling [ … ] read the rest over 170 nations agree to cut global-warming chemical used in refrigerators and air conditioners a global agreement to cut a heat-trapping chemical used in air conditioning units and refrigerators was announced today , with participation from over 170 nations .
provided 3 of 5 gorilla shot after child gets into enclosure ' it was a life threatening situation ' says director of cincinnati zoo &#124; 2 : 35 thane maynard , director of the cincinnati zoo , gives details about harambe , the gorilla shot and killed saturday after a 4-year-old boy fell into a shallow moat surrounding the zoo ' s gorilla exhibit . an online petition seeking " justice for harambe " through criminal charges earned more than 8,000 signatures in less than 24 hours . @xoxjlove @cincinnatizoo . ms. hurt whose only goal was to ensure that proper legal action was taken in this
the data from gobankingrates.com conflicts with a recent survey by america saves , a campaign from the consumer federation of america , that found people ' s interest , effort and effectiveness to personally save was on the rise in september . you need javascript enabled to view it. learn more at americasaves.org and americasavesweek.org . the survey ’ s margin of error is plus or minus three percentage points . america saves encourages individuals and families to take the america saves pledge and organizations to promote savings year-round and during america saves week . the latest orci interviews were between september 10 and 13.
24 , 2014 ) justin bieber ' s arrest : an overview from his alleged drag racing to his release from jail pop star justin bieber is facing driving under the influence and other charges after authorities said he raced through a miami beach neighborhood in a rented lamborghini , cursed at cops as he resisted arrest and admitted to consuming drugs and alcohol . farina , who ordered him held on $ 2,500 bond . ( published friday , jan. we ' re told that driver was khalil , a well-known rapper on def jam records . interested in ?
“he said yes , ” giuliani said . trump ’ s lawyers were arguing privately that mr. giuliani clarified in a follow-up call to the post that his conversation with trump was a general discussion about potential pardons for a range of people under investigation , including but not limited to manafort . putin . cohen . clifford , known as stormy daniels . “the real concern is whether mueller would turn any pardon into an obstruction charge. “i don ’ t know if you know , ” mr. trump from making unreported payments related to the campaign , regardless of where they came from .
davis drove away with harmon in the trunk and witnesses said he told them he was going to find somewhere to dump harmon ' s body , said prosecutors at davis ' bond hearing . read part two here . hillard , 37 , of the 8300 block of south king drive , has been charged with with first-degree murder and one count of unlawful use of a weapon by a felon for the oct. richard davis — known as " crazy legs " for his brilliant moves on the dance floor — was a disc jockey serving nearby chanute air force base .
importance the national action plan for combating antibiotic-resistant bacteria set a goal of reducing inappropriate outpatient antibiotic use by 50 % by 2020 , but the extent of inappropriate outpatient antibiotic use is unknown . exposures ambulatory care visits . cdc is working towards releasing an updated ar threats report in fall 2019 . most of these are for conditions that don ' t respond to antibiotics , such as colds , sore throats , bronchitis , flu and other viral illnesses . these rates were combined to calculate an estimate of the appropriate annual rate of antibiotic prescriptions per 1000 population .
the education after escape campaign seeks to be the change . help us raise even more funds to educate the escaped schoolgirls who were abducted by boko haram in nigeria by going to https://www.youcaring.com/nonprofits/education-after-escape/228007 . “these are our sisters-in-christ and they need our help. 14 , in order to help 10 of the girls to “have a fresh start and continue their education in a safe and nurturing environment. each girl will be able to enroll in a school where she will grow in wisdom and stature while gaining mental and emotional support .
the possible mass killing came as militants cemented control of the city of tal afar , west of mosul , after two days of fierce clashes with iraqi troops , residents and senior security officials said . one attack targeted a market near the green zone that sells new and used military uniforms . the sunni insurgents have already seized several towns and were advancing toward baghdad . it also comes as the u.s. and other world powers try to reach an agreement with iran by late july to curb its nuclear program . the air raids took place in saqlawiyah , northwest of fallujah , according to a graphic run by state tv .
the dolphins will spend a third night without food or rest in taiji cove before the fishermen likely start to slaughter them monday for meat , the sea shepherd conservation society said . add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . written by huggo please do not support aquariums &amp; parks with marine mammals , " it said . the primary secluded cove where this activity is taking place is heavily guarded . opinion : eat fish , kill a dolphin ? but local officials have reacted angrily in the past to western criticism of what they say is a traditional practice dating back centuries .
hard to argue with that . as desperate as i was to be part of the amazing experience of the london olympics , i don ' t want to be there below my best . several people watching on a chilly , rainy day at the royal artillery barracks sighed in disbelief at the miss , which rhode shrugged off with ease . this is sport ! it is unlikely she would have challenged for a medal , although she would have believed she could , but to have run in london and to have finished with her head held high after all the heartache she has had in previous olympic marathons would have been very important to her .
conditioner can bind radioactive particles to your hair . nuclear fallout is actual , visible stuff : it ’ s “a fine dust or sand-like material ” that emits radiation — you need to get that off and take deep cover while it ’ s blowing around and burning through its wild , destructive infancy and adolescence . 11 ) . in the event of the unthinkable , knowing a bit about haircare could prove useful . wait , what ? if you look at a strand of hair in a high-powered microscope , you ' ll see proteins that look like overlapping scales .
berkeley funding after protests against milo yiannopoulos turn violent president donald trump threatened to withdraw federal funding from the university of california at berkeley over its decision to cancel an event at which breitbart news writer milo yiannopoulos , known for his provocative and often misogynistic stances , was scheduled to speak . " if u.c . " trump wrote on twitter on thursday morning . " we condemn in the strongest possible terms the barbara lee ( d-calif. asuc venue . " this was a group of agitators who were masked up , throwing rocks , commercial grade fireworks and molotov cocktails at officers , " u.c .
“i ’ ve had health insurance before and i never used it . brittany williams said her eye started hurting badly just hours after competing in the mud run earlier this month in dallas . “you don ’ t think you ’ re going to go to the doctor and someone ’ s gonna say you owe $ 3,000 for eye drops.� ? help spread the word ! follow the daily news on facebook . she told the cbs affiliate . the whole room was white. despite her painful , gruesome ordeal , williams has remained optimistic .
while working the night shift has been previously associated with higher risk for cardiovascular disease and cancer , a new study also links it to a higher risk in women for all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality , as well as lung cancer mortality . eva schernhammer of harvard medical school tracked 22 years of data from about 75,000 nurses across the united states . the findings are to be published in the march issue of the american journal of preventive medicine . further research is needed to learn how individual traits might interact with rotating night shift work to harm health , she added .
a surfer lost his arm and his other hand in a shark attack at the same beach in 2014. it is understood the girl ’ s father had been some distance away at the time of the attack and heard her scream before she was pulled under water by the shark . wylie bay beach will be closed until further notice and the department of fisheries will spend tuesday patrolling the beach . november 2013 chris boyd , 35 plumber chris boyd , 35 , originally from queensland , was fatally attacked off gracetown . “they are breeding like flies .
for the first time , a woman will work an nfl game as part of the officiating crew . eastin has been a referee in the mid-eastern athletic conference and other leagues . ( bob leverone / ap ) the lockout of nfl referees continues , which means that shannon eastin will get her chance to officiate a preseason game . also : chargers robert meachem wants more tossed his way son of philadelphia eagles coach andy reid found dead cam newton seeks to take carolina panthers to new heights those officials were locked out in june . it ' s the first such labor meltdown since 2001 , when a contract dispute led to the officials missing the last exhibition game and first regular-season game .
" i escorted manning a couple of times to his ' psych ' evaluations after his outbursts . i would be there by myself and the laptops [ would ] be sitting there with passwords . the us defence security service is also investigating why manning , who had been sent for psychiatric counselling before he was deployed to iraq , was not screened more fully before he was allowed to work in intelligence . one soldier who served with him describes him " blowing up and punching this chick in the face " . never . the officer ' s words reinforce a leaked confidential military report that reveals that other senior officers thought he was unfit to go to iraq .
other data showed that women with four or more sexual partners in their lifetime were more likely to have had a female sexual partner , compared with women who had had no male partners or women story_separator_special_tag among the findings of a sweeping federal government survey of american sexual behavior is one that may surprise those bewailing a permissive and eros-soaked popular culture : more than one-quarter of people interviewed in their late teens and early 20s had never had sex . “it ’ s what they ’ re telling us and we have to take it on faith , ” she says .
i wouldn ' t be able to do ‘snl ’ if i didn ' t smoke weed . pete davidson revealed monday that he ' s been sober for the first time in eight years . he ’ s a proud and productive pot person who ’ s even won the respect of lorne michaels . ” sign up for breaking news emails privacy policy thanks for subscribing ! me performing not high has gone awful . “he saved my life . it ' s nice to be back in action. story_separator_special_tag just wanted to let you guys know i ' m okay .
" if the election had been on october 27 , i would be your president , " she told cnn ' s christiane amanpour at a women for women international event in new york . while hillary clinton said she believes she lost the 2016 presidential race because of meddling , she also took an opportunity to rib donald trump . really ? read more " i take absolute personal responsibility . so , it ' s like ... i was the candidate , i was the person who was on the ballot . " remember , i did win by more than 3 million votes than my opponent .
sebastian woodroffe , 41 , was believed to be a patient of indigenous healer olivia arévalo , 81 canadian lynched in peru after being accused of shaman ' s death a canadian man was beaten and lynched in the peruvian amazon after local people accused him of killing an 81-year-old indigenous healer , a police officer leading the murder investigation told the guardian . yarrow willard described mr woodroffe as a gentle person on a journey to find enlightenment and " deeper meaning " . it ' s pretty traumatic to hear . he was then left motionless on the muddy ground .
" i ' m not running to be anyone ' s judge . plus , after a facing tough questions on capitol hill about what happened in benghazi , what lies ahead for hillary clinton as she departs ? our roundtable weighs in : incoming president of the heritage foundation , former senator jim demint ( r-sc ) ; president and ceo of the naacp ben jealous ; washington post associate editor bob woodward ; nbc ’ s chief foreign affairs correspondent andrea mitchell ; and nbc news special correspondent ted koppel . how will the upcoming budget fights affect his second term ?
hautzenrader then placed the child in a pillow case and put the baby in a trash can , police said . the newborn was not crying , leading hautzenrader to believe the child was dead . twenty-two-year-old ashley hautzenrader , of davenport , faces a child endangerment charge . there ' s no word on the condition of the baby this morning . a public defender will be appointed to represent hautzenrader . according to a criminal complaint , hautzenrader gave birth in a bathroom at university of iowa hospitals and clinics late sunday night . uihc employees later found the baby alive .
( ap photo/giuseppe aresu ) ( associated press ) a model wears a creation for giorgio armani women ' s fall-winter 2014-15 collection , part of the milan fashion week , unveiled in milan , italy , monday , feb. armani and went to paris . where is the camera ? his combative mood appeared to be triggered by the noticeable absence of vogue ’ s editor in chief from his front row earlier in the morning . i rejoined it but i can always exit again . read : giorgio armani : i ' ve sacrificed life for fashion wintour ' s representative at condé nast denied armani ' s inference , telling wwd : " anna has the greatest respect for giorgio armani and everything he has done for italy and fashion worldwide .
” the 28-year-old labeouf said , according to the sources . in january , he wrote on twitter that he was retiring from public life after he was accused of plagiarizing a comic in his screenplay , “howardcantour.com. the outburst on thursday followed a string of erratic behavior attributed to the actor . labeouf then unloaded on the arresting officer and used a ­homophobic slur . photos : shia labail ! a lawyer for mr. damiano ” by daniel clowes . “f – k you . at studio 54 , the disturbia actor was smoking and smacking playgoers at the venue on their rear ends and back of heads .
sunday began with more of the partisan posturing that marked much of the previous week , delivered on the morning news programs , on the house and senate floors , and in a presidential tweet . " let ' s step back from the brink , " he said . " we ' re trying to be helpful in showing them that there is a path forward , " said sen. not good ! senate minority leader charles e. richard blumenthal ( d-conn. ) said he was optimistic the senate would vote monday to break the impasse .
according to bertolucci , he and brando came up with the idea of using butter just before the scene was shot on the set of the parisian apartment where much of the film takes place . " those who don ' t know that in film , sex is ( almost ) always simulated , probably also think that every time john wayne fires , someone actually dies . i feel sick. ” on dec. storaro worked with bertolucci two years later on last tango in paris . " false ! a recently unearthed video interview with bertolucci ...
" we knew the regulatory environment would provide a headwind for the market as we got closer to the 2010 election , " says quincy krosby , prudential financial ( pru ) market strategist . what?s in the data set : crawl start date : 09 march , 2011 crawl end date : 23 december , 2011 number of captures : 2,713,676,341 number of unique urls : 2,273,840,159 number of hosts : 29,032,069 the seed list for this crawl was a list of alexa?s top 1 million web sites , retrieved close to the crawl start date .
auris for three main reasons : it is often multidrug-resistant , meaning that it is resistant to multiple antifungal drugs commonly used to treat candida infections . cdc expert commentary auris to notify their state or local public health authorities and cdc at candidaauris@cdc.gov . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . story_separator_special_tag what ' s new ? cdc encourages all u.s. laboratory staff who identify c. it has caused outbreaks in healthcare settings . misidentification may lead to inappropriate management . it is difficult to identify with standard laboratory methods , and it can be misidentified in labs without specific technology .
28 , 2014 photo , shantel howard , 29 , of miami , right , makes an appointment for a job interview with calvin klein employee melina mikhalices , left , after submitting her resume during a job ... the picture has still improved enough that the federal reserve announced last month that it was ending its bond purchase program , which had been intended to lower interest rates and stimulate economic growth . in this oct. and while you ’ re here , why don ’ t you sign up to . and what wage gains have occurred have benefited mainly the wealthiest .
that ' s a hike of over 400 percent . " we really noticed it in the past year , year and a half when we went to go have it filled . ' " nair asked . a medical device technology expert and a doctor who took apart the " before " and " after " versions of the epipen found that despite safety and graphics upgrades , the auto-injectors shared a similar " core . her family has twice used the epipen to save her life . the price increases are among the biggest of any top-selling brand drug , according to drx , a unit of connecture that tracks drug pricing .
it ' s terrible . for example , in many cases we may not have crawled all of the embedded and linked objects in a page since the urls for these resources were added into queues that quickly grew bigger than the intended size of the crawl ( and therefore we never got to them ) . new york ' s republican candidate for governor , carl paladino , on monday attempted to clarify remarks he ' d made the previous day about homosexuality , telling matt lauer on nbc ' s " today " show that discrimination against gays " is horrible .
§§ 1981-1988 for damages and injunctive and declaratory relief against respondent school officials , alleging that petitioners and other students had been subjected to disciplinary corporal punishment in violation of their constitutional rights . " like a preacher from a pulpit , he ' d give his testimony , telling everyone how his mother once caught him shoplifting cookies from a store after a barber snitched on him . but states that don ' t allow the practice typically make an exception for emergency situations . " then-birmingham mayor larry langford would say . u.s. supreme court ingraham v.
" i think it ' s like a major story , " trump said about interim dnc chairwoman donna brazile ' s revelation that the dnc stacked the deck against bernie sanders in the 2016 democratic primary . many of those people voted for me because of trade , because i agreed with him on trade . ... but i thought that was terrible . full transcript below clips of quotes . you can ' t get anything through . oppo research for us , of course , is no good ; no . " don ' t forget , i ' m a business person and i tell my people ' well you don ' t need to fill slots , don ' t fill them.
as part of our continued efforts to ensure movies are not recorded in theaters , however , we maintain a zero-tolerance policy toward using any recording device while movies are being shown , " the two organizations said in statement . would i buy google glass ? just sayin ’ . fail to do that , and they ’ ll give you the boot . nah . bathrooms . parties . bars . ) — who , according to plunkett ’ s entertainment almanac , represents roughly 26,000 theaters across the u.s. under the new rules , theater owners will ask anyone with wearable recording devices to turn ’ em off and put them away .
' i was over it . watch : story_separator_special_tag crystal harris : sex with hugh hefner lasted ' two seconds ' crystal harris is moving on from hugh hefner , but not without taking a few parting shots at her former fiancé.harris , 24 , said tuesday on sirius xm radio ' s howard stern show that sex with the 85-year-old playboy founder lasted " like two seconds . sorry. but once their friends left , they really settled in and seemed more and more comfortable . i just like , walked away . follow @gossipcop on twitter !
cholesterol-containing deposits ( plaque ) in your arteries and inflammation are usually to blame for coronary artery disease . after adjusting for other risk factors , they found that compared with the one-fifth of people with the lowest weight variability , the one-fifth with the highest had a 78 percent higher risk of new onset diabetes , a 117 percent higher risk of heart attack , a 136 percent higher risk of stroke , and a 124 percent higher risk of death . “it ’ s important to lose weight , ” said the lead author , dr.
in 2010 , the fda issued a safety alert about a homeopathic teething tablet that contained belladonna . in homeopathy , it is used to treat redness and inflammation . suggested items include : pacifiers spoons clean wet washcloths frozen bagels or bananas refrigerated teething rings topical teething gels sold over-the-counter ( otc ) are often used for teething . originally published on live science . story_separator_special_tag what ’ s the bottom line ? at high levels , atropine can be deadly . 30. " in homeopathy , extremely minute concentrations of toxic substances are used under the idea that they could cure the symptoms that they would cause at higher doses .
so i ran back into my house and grabbed my ar-15 . the stabbing victim was taken to a hospital , and is expected to recover . " story_separator_special_tag a man armed with an ar-15 saved a neighbor who was being attacked with a knife monday in oswego township , illinois . it ’ s light , it ’ s maneuverable . follow him on twitter : @awrhawkins . there was still a confrontation going on , there were about three or four people involved at this point . ” awr hawkins is an award-winning second amendment columnist for breitbart news , the host of the breitbart podcast bullets with awr hawkins , and the writer/curator of down range with awr hawkins , a weekly newsletter focused on all things second amendment , also for breitbart news .
for more information about free recycling programs in the following states , click on the links below : independent recycling professionals can obtain removal instructions for the battery and other components that require selective treatment by calling apple support . but where did this $ 39,502,000 of gold come from ? story_separator_special_tag not a real apple exec . as part of that , apple recovered 2,204 pounds of gold — well over a ton . it ' s also possible that apple might have recycled a few golden apple watches , which have been estimated to have over 50 grams of 18-karat gold in it .
“presentations in the symposium pointed out much good that whale watching can do if — and that ’ s a big if — managed appropriately and impacts are minimized or removed completely , ” said chris parsons , a whale and dolphin researcher at pacific whale foundation , a hawaii-based nonprofit that also offers whale-watching trips . “the negative is the potential for disturbance . determining which populations are most at risk could help to fix the problem , says lusseau . in 2008 , the international fund for animal welfare , an animal-protection charity in london , estimated the value of the industry at us$ 2.1 billion .
police said the woman worked at the mall ' s food court . neighbors said jose was a " good guy " and that he was close to his wife and two teenage daughters . “i ' m still kind of shaken up , ' she said . , a half hour before the mall opened . authorities said they are unsure of the motive for the shooting , but believe it stemmed from a domestic situation . ( how many pop pops did you think you heard ? new haven ave. vince pryce of the melbourne police department .
" what we found was that a better workday break was not composed of many of the things we believed . emily hunter , one of the study ' s authors , said in a statement . " therefore , breaks later in the day seem to be less effective . , and cindy wu , ph.d. breaks that boost energy , concentration and motivation ? " key findings of the study include : 1. they say the results of the study benefit both managers and employees . the research provides a greater understanding of workday breaks and offers suggestions on when , where and how to plan the most beneficial daily escapes from the j-o-b .
among grimes ’ s attributes : she lacks political baggage since she ’ s served barely a year in office , and she hails from a well-connected family influential in kentucky democratic politics . and i ' m there for dario and ashley , " the 48-year-old singer told us . period . individually . collectively . we ' re so different . but i love my sister . ( quiz : do you know ashley judd ? otherwise , i support them . " it ' s nobody ' s business ! when moser , 55 , lost his leg in a devastating motorcycle accident story_separator_special_tag democratic heavy hitters — including bill clinton — are quietly trying to woo a new candidate to jump into the race to unseat senate minority leader mitch mcconnell , even as actress ashley judd is taking steps toward launching a star-studded campaign of her own .
say hola to eva longoria ’ s son santiago enrique bastón ! usa the first photo of their bundle of joy — and motherhood already appears to suit eva . they played several baby games and eva was in the best mood , ” a source told people . “i ’ m so excited that i ’ m having a boy because i think the world needs more good men . in the tender image , eva sweetly cradles her newborn , while he rests on her chest wearing his hospital beanie . want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ?
russian president vladimir putin ' s spokesman said putin had " decided to visit " komissarova , who he said was already conscious . 2. reuters sochi , russia — a russian skier broke her back and dislocated a vertebra during a practice session on the olympic freestyle course here saturday , landing her in a 6.5-hour emergency surgery that has stabilized her condition . she was rushed to krasnaya polyanskaya hospital no . petersburg , was training for a feb. maria komissarova , a 23-year-old from st. komissarova placed second in a world cup event in 2012 but was not considered a medal contender in sochi .
the european central bank , u.s. federal reserve , the bank of england and the central banks of canada , japan and switzerland are all taking part in the operation , which is designed to " enhance their capacity to provide liquidity support to the global financial system . u.s. financial institutions currently do not face difficulty obtaining liquidity in short-term funding markets . germany ' s dax was trading 4 percent higher as were dow futures in new york . these swap lines are authorized through february 1 , 2013. as a contingency measure , these central banks have also agreed to establish temporary bilateral liquidity swap arrangements so that liquidity can be provided in each jurisdiction in any of their currencies should market conditions so warrant .
" he ’ s just so fun to be around , " siverio said . snyder , 19 , has a rare form of cancer . their middle school romance lasted through sixth grade , until snyder ’ s family moved to lithia and he transferred to randall middle school . " the next day , snyder ’ s sister brittany hails posted her brother ’ s story on facebook along with a request for a donated ring and tuxedo . they picked up where they left off . but she was smitten . within minutes , offers started pouring in .
of a. late thursday , the company priced 100 million shares at $ 10 per share . zynga plans to use the proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes and possibly acquisitions . zynga makes games played primarily over facebook . scott sweet of ipo boutique said his clients were surprised with the zynga pricing , given that past deals in the internet and social networking space priced above their filed range . san francisco ( marketwatch ) — zynga inc. 11. popular titles have included “cityville , ” “farmville ” and “mafia wars.
in its regulatory filing with the securities and exchange commission , facebook inc. ( exact name of registrant as specified in its charter ) delaware 7370 20-1665019 ( state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization ) ( primary standard industrial classification code number ) ( irs employer identification no. facebook , the social network that changed " friend " from a noun to a verb , is expected to file as ... jeffrey r. james d. michael l. daniel n. david w. hinman , jr. davidson , esq . but for all its success , the question remains just how facebook will manage
' scroll down for video scathing : obama ' s former professor roberto unger said that he had ' failed ' the united states and should not be re-elected the 65-year-old academic was in frequent contact with mr obama on his blackberry throughout the last election campaign but has since decided that he no longer agreed with the president ' s decisions . … his policy is financial confidence and food stamps. delete ! in judicial and administrative appointments ' . ” then , gripping his chair tightly as if to strap in for an earthquake of truth-telling , unger proceeded to unleash a series of one-liners against obama .
this can be interpreted to mean that shakespeare was willing to use “weed ” ( cannabis as a kind of tobacco ) for creative writing ( “invention ” ) . neither of the pipes with cocaine came from shakepeare ’ s garden . story_separator_special_tag compounds strange ... these suggestions are based on the following literary indications . possibly , the engraving represents sir francis drake , who knew gerard . the shakespeare birthplace trust allowed south african research scientists from the transvaal museum in pretoria to analyze twenty-four pipe fragments found on the grounds of william shakespeare ' s home .
( to be clear , this was my brother , not me — i was content with the pizza box tower , but if it was my floor , i ’ d have cleaned up the milkshake. in the instances in which men actually do the majority of the housework in their partnership , women are still the ones getting credit . does anybody think that ’ s true ? we split bedtime . it ’ s emotional work . people who care a lot about neater homes spend more time cleaning them because that makes them happy .
” and “get down ! he knew there would be pain , and he hated taking any kind of drug to alleviate it because of the way it made him feel . “i ’ m not doing this to be interesting . he had had his nose fixed twice and the tracheal shave . caitlyn jenner , photographed in her malibu home . “the uncomfortableness of being me never leaves all day long , ” he continued . learn more you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . there is a common misperception that such surgery is somehow “required ” to be a transgender woman or man , akin to a certificate from the transgender licensing board .
a loon balloon on its way to puerto rico from nevada story_separator_special_tag boundaries of volcanic eruptions and ash clouds impacting aviation . project loon head alastair westgarth said in a blog post that project loon is " still an experimental technology and we ' re not quite sure how well it will work , " though it has been tested since last year in peru following flooding there . thanks to their support , we are now collaborating with at&t to deliver emergency internet service to the hardest hit parts of the island . various oceanic tracks , including north atlantic tracks overlayed on map .
on wednesday evening , obama began to do just that . the benghazi debacle and the irs ’ s targeting of conservative groups are , as it were , “tier one ” scandals : the former because it involves obfuscation and cynical political calculation in the matter of the murder of four americans by jihadists , the latter because it comprises systematic governmental discrimination against conservatives for exercising the core right to political speech . darrell issa ( r-calif. they make america less safe . congress should investigate . mr. in recent days , democratic strategists have all but begged president barack obama to take control of a deepening public relations disaster that threatens to derail his second-term agenda .
justinbieber via instagram justin bieber facetimes with malala yousafzai , in a photo he posted to instagram . bieber expressed a desire to help malala ' s cause and meet the young activist in person . on facebook , he shared a badly cropped photo of the chat , and wrote : ` just last week bieber was embroiled in an alleged scuffle with actor orlando bloom , over charges that he ' d been romantic with bloom ' s ex-wife , model miranda kerr . #love " araya diaz / getty/taylor hill / filmmagic the ‘all that matters ’ singer ( l.
the group uses publicly available data gathered by nasa ' s kepler telescope , which has been tasked with finding earth-like planets by searching for the periodic dimming of stars that might suggest such a planet is passing by . or was it alien megastructures built to harvest the star ’ s energy ? the star ’ s brightness also changed irregularly , sometimes for days and even months at a time . ( nasa/jpl-caltech ) if you were still holding out hope for aliens hanging out around kic 8462852 , i ' ve got some bad news for you .
[ ps ] • all coverage of starbucks [ e ] fahey describes the unicorn frappuccino as having a “sour raspberry flavor ” that ’ s kind of like “fresh fruit , ” but the drink is also shot through with a “horrible sour syrup. come in to your closest starbucks april 20th to try the new unicorn frappuccino ! @mikeequintos haha only available if you believe pic.twitter.com/ddb2yfkxaw — mikee quintos ( @onlyformikee ) april 16 , 2017 this magical beast-themed drink is rumored to launch on wednesday , april 19. pictures of this pink-and-blue creation are starting to surface on instagram and twitter : the rumors are true !
don ’ t gloat or cheer over the gop ’ s failure , schumer signaled — a move he made again on friday in a statement , after mccain delivered what looks like a fatal blow to his party ’ s seven-year drive to dismantle the affordable care act . insurers say that step would be critical in giving them certainty and preventing premium increases . ) , caught many democratic lawmakers and liberal activists off-guard . “i have assured senator mccain that as soon as repeal is off the table , we democrats are intent on resuming the bipartisan process.
more than 22,000 jihadis are named in the files and some 51 nationalities represented , according to britain ' s sky news . play video " the impact of the is cache " video : the impact of the is cache he is designated as a fighter but is better known in the uk as a rap artist . thousands of documents apparently leaked from inside isis paint a detailed picture of the terror group ' s personnel , including a 20-year-old from minneapolis with just a high-school education . do you have recommendations ? her whereabouts are unknown .
it ' s the geek chic way to nosh . present a palette of toppings and let people place their mushrooms and green peppers and pepperoni anywhere on the pizza they want . there can be as much value in the design -- maybe more -- as in the transaction . to minimize the risks of digital pizza pranksters , the local restaurant then telephones users to verify orders . turn making the family pizza story_separator_special_tag the world wide web is officially old enough for us judge what it ’ s produced . " hold the cheesiness ! money changes hands only at the point of delivery .
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . ( ap ) — a fire official says about 10 people were sickened by a suspicious package in the mailroom of a sprawling irs building in downtown kansas city , missouri . garrett says the fire department was checking for gasses and fumes but hasn ' t determined the package ' s contents . st. the building was not evacuated and has returned to business . he says the package was isolated from the public .
" we respect tiger ' s decision to take a break from professional golf and focus on his family , " said bret hopman , a publicist for the magazine . woods has admitted cheating on wife elin , with at least 14 women coming forward to claim they had affairs with him . . . " the news was unexpected , if only because athletes facing controversy usually fare better within the confines of their sport . " the golfer got another show of support this week from tag heuer . the swiss watchmaker displayed a black-and-white photograph of woods on its website , a watch draped over his left hand , with the words : " tag heuer stands with tiger woods .
( associated press ) el salvador ' s jaime alas ( 10 ) falls as he chases the ball with united states ' freddy adu ( 7 ) nd kofi sarkodie , right , in the first half of a concacaf olympic qualifying soccer match on monday , march 26 , ... what happened is something u.s. midfielder mix diskerud said no one wants to experience in life [ + ] enlarge frederick breedon/getty images brek shea and the u.s. took a one-goal lead into stoppage time . a first-minute goal got the u.s. off to a flying start .
participants 386 adult patients with metastatic cancers refractory to at least one chemotherapy regimen , whom physicians identified as terminally ill at study enrollment and who subsequently died . alexi wright , “where doctors don ’ t want to broach the subject of dying because it makes those patients think we ’ re giving up on them. most were referred to hospice within a week of their death . ( credit : toni l. setting eight outpatient oncology clinics in the united states . patients were also less likely to have discussed their end of life wishes with their oncologist compared to other end-stage cancer patients who opted not to continue chemotherapy .
israel ' s military has ... ( associated press ) this photo released by the syrian official news agency sana shows a damaged building wrecked by an israeli airstrike in damascus , syria , sunday , may 5 , 2013. hanegbi is in mexico to speak with local and federal police chiefs . the fighter is then heard saying that all of assad ' s troops who were aboard the helicopter were killed in the downing . israeli warplanes struck areas in and around ... geneva u.n. human rights investigators have gathered testimony from casualties of syria ' s civil war and medical staff indicating that rebel forces have used the nerve agent sarin , one of the lead investigators said on sunday .
the video cuts to stodden sitting on a toilet with the positive test in her hand . " stodden ' s estranged mother and former manager krista keller spoke to fox411 . " it ' s a bittersweet time for me right now . stodden ' s husband doug hutchison , 55 , appears to be filming his wife in their bathroom . i ' m dealing with a lot of stress and emotions surrounding life and its ups and downs , ” stodden , 21 , tells us . my high heels are all over . privacy . so , that ' s awkward .
“intelligence is a composite measure of different cognitive abilities and how they are distributed in a population . by studying groupings of people both with and without depression in this way they hope to be able to identify its causes and mechanisms , which can be used in the quest for diagnostic tests and new therapies . despite occasional claims later dismissed , no-one has yet produced a single gene that controls intelligence . read more ... that is very important. then the scientists then harnessed massive computing power to see what the data could tell them .
" bush was also critical of cheney ' s autonomy as his son ' s vice president and the degree to which he expressed his views publicly . " president trump has agreed that on jan. we ’ d had 3,000 of our people killed on 9/11 , more people than we lost at pearl harbor and we moved , i think legitimately , into a war-time setting rather than simple law enforcement . maryland democratic sen. the layoffs could affect up to 14,000 employees . " over the next 90 days , american and chinese officials will continue to negotiate lingering disagreements on technology transfer , intellectual property and agriculture .
international women ’ s day on thursday is intended to celebrate women ’ s cultural and economic achievements and call for more gender parity . learn more story_separator_special_tag in a study that barbie conducted , 81 % of 8,000 moms who had daughters under the age of 10 said they were worried about the types of role models their little girls were exposed to . but as the calendar turns to march 8 , it ’ s also time for the corporate pile-on of feel-good ads and product rollouts as brands rush to chime in on the pro-woman conversation .
( associated press ) protesters clad in improvised protective gear prepare for a clash with police in central kiev , ukraine , monday , jan. eu ministers have also denounced the new laws curbing public protests as " anti-democratic " . the size of the crowd varies and is smaller on weekdays . about thirty young men believed to be ... the european union issued no official response to mr. ” he said . after a night of vicious streets battles , anti-government protesters and ... “what was this , prophecy or a prediction ? protest leaders said the authorities seemed to be giving the more radical story_separator_special_tag moscow/kiev russia told european governments on tuesday to stop meddling in ukraine ' s political crisis and said events could be spinning out of control in kiev after violence that left vehicles burning in the streets .
he later told investigators that he also killed patients in oldenburg . they said staff had a meeting there in 2001 to discuss the strange levels of deaths and resuscitations , but did not report the levels to police , and niels h was able to move to the delmenhorst clinic . the nurse who was convicted of killing ... the medication caused heart failure or the collapse of patients ' circulatory systems . is likely many times worse . " mr kuhme warned the number could still rise further . 28 , 2017. ( associated press ) berlin ( ap ) — a male nurse who was convicted of killing patients in germany with overdoses of heart medication is now believed to have killed at least 86 people — and the true scale of the killings could be even larger , investigators said monday .
and trump may have a hard time reconciling his populist campaign themes with a tax break for america ’ s richest . heirs to large estates : the plan eliminates the so-called death tax , or estate tax . the majority of small business owners would use the extra cash to expand businesses and hire additional employees , alfredo ortiz , president of the nonprofit job creators network , told fox news . “in fact , very , very strongly , as you see , i think there ’ s very little benefit for people of wealth. trump ’ s 2005 return is the most recent available publicly and was released in march by david cay johnston on the website dcreport.org .
in the south , they were also called the " slave patrols , " and they were regulated by the states . the law defined which counties had which armed militias and even required armed militia members to keep a keen eye out for slaves who may be planning uprisings . it is only partly about defending yourself from a criminal . sally e. carl t. as dr. most likely , nothing the president proposes will do anything to stop a future sandy hook . . . many historians have come to view the american revolution as a conservative revolution .
a republican senator and an independent senator said today that they will jointly introduce a stand-alone bill to repeal the military ’ s “don ’ t ask , don ’ t tell ” policy after a larger defense bill containing the repeal failed to advance in the senate . scott brown and lisa murkowski -- voted no . collins told reporters . ms. reid . one democrat , newly-elected sen. *** update *** 4 : 45 pm et : in a press conference after the vote , sens . the vote was 57-40 , almost entirely along party lines , and three short of the 60 needed .
three of these matches were at wimbledon . ” buzzfeed news began its investigation after devising an algorithm to analyse gambling on professional tennis matches over the past seven years . the sport ’ s governing bodies have been warned repeatedly about a core group of 16 players – all of whom have ranked in the top 50 – but none have faced any sanctions and more than half of them will begin playing at the australian open on monday . tennis introduced a new anti-corruption code in 2009 but after taking legal advice were told previous corruption offences could not be pursued .
the cdc said thursday there are now 397 cases of cyclospora in 16 states . the disease causes watery and sometimes explosive diarrhea and is treated with antibiotics . i don ' t know where to go to eat . a prepackaged lettuce mix . both states cite laws prohibiting investigators from naming brands or companies if it ' s believed the contaminated product is no longer a public health threat . cyclospora , the identified parasite , is rarely seen in the united states . ( photo : mary demartino , iowa state hygienic laboratory ) at least 22 people in five states have been hospitalized in the outbreak .
rolling stone , the bible of rock ' n ' roll for a half-century , is for sale , jann wenner , the magazine ' s swaggering co-founder , said sunday . gleason died in 1975. ( bandlab invested $ 40 million to acquire its 49-percent stake in the magazine last year. rolling stone suffered a devastating blow to its reputation when it retracted a debunked 2014 article about a gang rape at the university of virginia . the financial picture had also been bleak . wenner clung to the past with covers that featured artists from his generation , even as younger artists emerged .
" wasserman schultz ' s gop counterpart priebus , who spoke to blitzer minutes later , took a different view of the question , saying he would welcome bloomberg to the race , but only because he views the billionaire as a spoiler who would cull most of his support from the eventual democratic nominee . steve ... mr trump ​has " so you ' ll have two democrats running and splitting their vote . " he can ' t get to 270 electoral votes . his comments follow a new york times report​ last month that said the billionaire had told advisers to draft a plan for a run as an independent candidate that could see him spending as much as $ 1bn of his​ estimated​ $ 39bn fortune .
that figure rose to 41 in children with fathers aged 35 to 44 , and to 47 for those with fathers aged over 50. the researchers looked at test results from 15,000 twins taking part in a huge study tracking their development . ( the geek effect was only seen in boys. the scientists then combined these scores into an overall “geek index ” . the findings are rare good news in the science of delayed fatherhood . parents were asked how they were perceived by their peers and if they had interests that dominated their time .
it was one of the pillars of sanders ’ s 2016 campaign for president . " " and i want to make sure that when i make that decision , if i decide to run , that i have concluded , in fact , that i am the strongest candidate who can defeat donald trump , " he said . he talks in private much as he does in front of a microphone , except with a lot more sarcasm . bush ' s humility and ' unflappable leadership ' former president george h.w . but of course medicare for all isn ’ t a new idea .
fulton , was publicly identified monday as the passenger in scott ' s car when scott he was pulled over april 4. " his lawyer said that would be his only public statement . " i ' ll never know why he ran , but i know he didn ' t deserve to die , " fulton said . interested in ? pierre d. fulton , has been convicted on drug and weapon charges previously . please keep walter and his family in your prayers and respect my privacy moving forward . http://t.co/1njbevwdya — the post and courier ( @postandcourier ) april 13 , 2015 — m.
bloomberg described as a “parallel ” pledge would indicate that leadership in the fight against climate change in the united states had shifted from the federal government to lower levels of government , academia and industry . ms. still , producing what mr. christiana figueres , a former top united nations climate official , said there was currently no formal mechanism for entities that were not countries to be full parties to the paris accord . collectively , these actors remain committed to the paris accord. “just the opposite — we are forging ahead.
drowning isn ’ t splashing and yelling . i still had the other half of the brownie in my mouth when i jumped into the pool to grab my son . do you know that a child can drown in less than one minute ? ” a rep for miller did not immediately respond to people ’ s request for comment . link in bio ! #drowning#drowningprevention#truthaboutdrowning. it is silent , and it takes seconds . please share and help us spread awareness . life jacket . bode , 40 , and morgan are parents to 3-year-old son nash skan , and miller is also a father to two children from previous relationships : son samuel , 5 , and daughter neesyn , 10.
that ' s also about the time she began gambling , something that she watched her parents do while she was growing up . hofley said it will take an extensive forensic investigation to determine if giesbrecht is related to the dead infants . as for her husband , giesbrecht said he could easily become agitated . " i feel distraught and severely taken advantage of , " the woman wrote in a victim impact statement . giesbrecht has two teenage sons who are involved in hockey and soccer . const . andrea giesbrecht , 40 , was arrested outside her home in north winnipeg .
pilot felix baumgartner of austria seen before his jump at the first manned test flight for red bull stratos in roswell , new mexico on march 15 , 2012. weather concerns have pushed back an austrian daredevil ' s attempt to break the world record for highest-ever skydive by one day , to tuesday ( oct. and he insists he hasn ’ t got a death wish we ' re also on facebook &amp; google+ . follow space.com on twitter @spacedotcom . 9 ) . ‘but , you know , it is still an unknown.
“carrie was one-of-a-kind … brilliant , original , ” harrison ford said in a statement to people . ” story_separator_special_tag carrie fisher wrapped ‘star wars : episode viii ’ before her death actress died dec. paramedics removed her from the flight and rushed her to a nearby hospital , where she was treated for a heart attack . ! ! cannot wait to share it with “carrie was the brightest light in every room she entered . “funny and emotionally fearless . 23. the film is due in theaters on december 15 , 2017.
( ap photo/ben margot ) ( associated press ) oakland , calif. stephen curry scored 29 points and the warriors capitalized on smith ' s mistake that sent the game into overtime , overcoming a 51-point performance by james to beat cleveland 124-114 in game 1 on thursday night . " instead , ot . " " i just thought we were going to call a timeout . and why not ? after replay review , tristan thompson received a flagrant 2 foul and ejection with 2.6 seconds left . california sens . four senators are wagering booze over the outcome of the nba finals .
in places the embryonic aid machine did not even try to organise story_separator_special_tag but with haitian officials relying so heavily on the united states , the united nations and many different aid groups , coordination was posing a critical challenge . ours are to feed . " this is an extremely difficult situation , " he told ap . dead bodies inside ! we have got to get those priorities in sync. advertisement continue reading the main story he added : “their priorities are to secure the country . a preliminary red cross estimate put the total number of affected people at 3.5 million .
director : michael apted ( 1 : 55 ) . it ' s inevitable the " chronicles of narnia " films will be compared to a certain other epic series , but as " the voyage of the dawn treader " reminds us , the pevensie family is always destined to come in second to harry and hermione . at area theaters . third adventure in c.s . ) , skandar keynes and georgie henley . though mr. it strikes an artful balance between allegorical religious concerns and escapist ones . with peter off studying for his university entrance exams and susan off in america , the story centers on lucy ( georgie henley ) and edmund ( skandar keynes ) , stuck in cambridge , living with their insufferable snot of a cousin , eustace ( will poulter
israel is not a member . we have replaced tough mindedness about national security with a refusal to think seriously and substituted political correctness and a “solid ” assurance that people must be ok because they are “nice ” and “hard working ” for the story_separator_special_tag when politico first began spewing its pollution back in 2007 , i wrote a series of posts examining its ownership and management , its heavy reliance on drudge links , its biases , and its tawdry methods , and had a lengthy exchange with its editor , john harris , about those critiques .
trudeau responded to perry ' s story with a simple tweet . " it ' s pretty funny -- justin ' s dad was the pm at the time and didn ' t have security around his boy . " how about a rematch matthew perry ? " trudeau joked . matthew perry once beat up justin trudeau in elementary school matthew perry once beat up canada ' s prime minister , justin trudeau ... ! ! give $ $ $ to charity . — dr. @jordanuhl @justintrudeau @joemygod @matthewperry seriously though , i would pay-per-view to see this ...
europe ' s third-largest budget airline is considering flights to edinburgh and bergen , norway from u.s. airports that have little to no international service today , such as new york ' s westchester county airport and connecticut ' s bradley international airport , just north of hartford , kjos said . " what will happen to ( lufthansa ) when everyone starts to fly direct ? " i think you will see a lot to that effect within five years ' time , " mr kjos said . norwegian separately reported tuesday that it filled 96 percent of long-haul plane seats in september , helping the airline post better-than-expected results .
and , for the first time in decades , independents are as likely to oppose the use of the death penalty ( 45 % ) as they are to favor it ( 44 % ) . that represents a seven-point decline in about a year and a half . support has dropped 7 percentage points since march 2015 , from 56 % . 23-sept. support peaked at 80 percent in 1994. but blacks and hispanics support it at much lower rates : just 29 % of blacks and 36 % of hispanics favor capital punishment . this year , only 15 have met the same fate .
move comes as part of fda ’ s safety advisory regarding grain craft flour recall hostess brands , llc is voluntarily recalling 710,000 cases of select snack cakes and donuts as a direct result of the recent recall by our supplier , grain craft , of certain lots of its flour for undeclared peanut residue . variety item upc batch best buy date chocodile multi fsh 888109110499 d033124000 6/4/2016 d040624000 6/10/2016 d040724000 6/11/2016 d041324000 6/17/2016 d041424000 7/6/2016 888109110499 d033124000 6/4/2016 d041324000 6/17/2016 d041424000 6/18/2016 chocodile multi fzn 888109110499 d033124000 n/a d040624000 n/a d041324000 n/a chocodile snack fsh 888109010492 d033124000 6/4/2016 d040624000 6/10/2016 d041324000 6/17/2016 d041424000 6/18/2016 888109010492 d033124000 6/4/2016 d040624000 6/10/2016 d041324000 6/17/2016 chocodile snack fzn 888109010492 d040624000 n/a d040724000 n/a d041324000 n/a ding dong multi fsh 888109110611 d032924000 6/2/2016 d033024000 6/3/2016 d040424000 6/8/2016 d040524000 6/9/2016 d040624000 6/10/2016 d041124000 6/15/2016 d041224000 6/16/2016 d041324000 7/6/2016 888109110611 d040424000 6/8/2016 d041124000 6/15/2016 ding dong multi fzn 888109110611 d040424000 n/a d041124000 n/a d041224000 n/a ding dong snack fsh 888109010027 d032924000 6/2/2016 d040424000 6/8/2016 d041124000 6/15/2016 888109010027 d040424000 6/8/2016 d041124000 6/15/2016 ding dong snack fzn 888109010027 d040424000 n/a d041124000 n/a zinger chocolate multi fsh 888109110581 d040124000 6/5/2016 d040824000 6/12/2016 d040924000 6/13/2016 zinger chocolate multi fzn 888109110581 d040124000 n/a d040824000 n/a zinger chocolate snack fsh 888109300036 d040124000 6/5/2016 d040824000 6/12/2016 888109010058 d040124000 6/5/2016 d040824000 6/12/2016 d040924000 6/13/2016 zinger chocolate snack fzn 888109300036 d040124000 n/a d040824000 n/a 888109000202 d040124000 n/a 888109010058 d040824000 n/a 888109000356 d040124000 n/a zinger ras multi fsh 888109110604 d040924000 6/13/2016 d041024000 6/14/2016 d041524000 story_separator_special_tag hostess brands and frito-lay are recalling some popular snack foods because they may contain undeclared peanut residue , which could be hazardous to people with peanut allergies .
since cases of rocky mountain spotted fever , which is spread by the lone star tick , also arise in the same southeastern region , researchers are pretty sure that it ’ s the tick bites that are causing the allergies to meat and cetuximab . you ’ ve become allergic to meat . it ’ s any barbecue-lover ’ s worst nightmare : you go to bed after enjoying a juicy burger or a smoky rack of ribs , only to awaken , covered in sweat and hives . the best hint he had was in the last decade and a half , thousands of previously protein-loving americans have developed a dangerous allergy to meat .
anadolu agency says an indictment prepared by the istanbul chief prosecutor ' s office accuses the new york knicks center of insulting the president in a series of tweets he posted in may and june 2016. " i was like , ' oh , four years . " my thing is just going out there and just playing basketball . ' i said i promise you guys , it doesn ' t really bother me a little , even one bit , " he said . " ... they can do whatever they want to do . john e.
but in this , as in much of what trump says , it ' s more about the broad strokes than the details. " trump said to solotaroff . a spokeswoman for the trump campaign declined to comment . hey , ya made it , great to see ya ! " it ' s when companies leave america and take thousands of good jobs with ' em . after the rally , we ' ll have plenty of time to talk . no ? rolls-royce engines ; seats 43. " calls trump over his shoulder , leading me down the corridor to the cockpit .
he said he was a reporter and a neurosurgeon too . “now we know the identity of the patient on the table , ” she said . “these facts are important to us ... but brain surgery is brain surgery. “i met him that day . story_separator_special_tag cnn has launched an investigation into claims that one of its star correspondents misled viewers in a report showing his emergency medical intervention on an earthquake victim in nepal . “a pretty grave mistake was made … the excuse that things were chaotic shouldn ’ t hold up for any journalist especially when that journalist is also performing a medical operation , ” hegranes said .
it ’ s either that or nothing . finally , in the third graph we get some sourcing for the actual news : the cupertino company has agreed to provide an opt-in function for subscribers to allow apple to share with publishers their information , which includes vital data that news organizations use to attract advertisers , industry sources say . , said apple probably will take a 30 percent cut of all subscriptions sold through the company ’ s online app store , and as much as 40 percent of the advertising revenue from publications ’ apps . i am certain of that .
“they feel like they ’ ve been unfairly terminated , " said a friend , translating for the employees . " thousands of people participated in the movement across the country , including people in middle tennessee . a message to one of the employees reads : " you and your family are fired . on thursday , the majority of bci ’ s employees fulfilled their obligations to our clients , but eighteen employees did not . restaurant owner bill mcnally gave us a written statement , saying he has a " zero tolerance policy for no show/no call incidents and the 12 employees violated that policy .
no individual member of either fraternity was charged with sexual misconduct . one student reported an incident of non-consensual contact of a sexual nature that occurred as students were exiting the crowded basement . this decision was upheld following an appeal . since the organization was monitoring and controlling beverage service , it was found responsible for the provision of a drink that contained gamma hydroxybutyrate ( ghb ) . in addition , the fraternity is ineligible to conduct recruitment , rush , or initiation processes . 30 and appears below. “all brown community members need to be involved in preventing sexual violence , and all student organizations are expected to ensure that adequate security measures are in place to promote safe events and activities.
in that instance , he wrote , " as you well know , a dead person cannot rebuttal . " this isn ' t the first time cosby has had to deal with news of his supposed demise.in february , he again took to his twitter account after hearing rumors of his apparent death . learn more you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history . therefore , i am rebuttaling to tell you that when i heard the news i immediately began rebuttaling and went into denial .
that ' s the scene in juba , capital of south sudan . mr machar and his troops have also left juba " to avoid further confrontation " . “i did not post it before the fighting erupted as the ambassador said . another 30,000 had previously sought shelter in what ' s called a " protection of civilian " site in the city that ' s run by the u.n. there were reportedly more than story_separator_special_tag shares , nairobi , kenya , jul 12 – few hours after south sudan ambassador accused vice president dr riek machar ’ s spokesman james gatdet of inciting the violence that claimed 272 lives in juba , the spokesman defended himself against the allegations .
las vegas police sgt . john sheahan said the range rover was last seen near the venetian resort as it headed north from the shooting scene on las vegas boulevard . gunshots fired from a black ... " this doesn ' t happen where we come from , not on this scale , " said mark thompson , who was visiting from manchester , england , with his wife . the maserati sped off at a high rate of speed and the suv followed . 21 , 2013 in las vegas . there was no immediate explanation for the altercation , he said .
however , because of its use we could not label guinness as suitable for vegetarians and have been looking for an alternative solution for some time . on the can the lot code would be printed with black ink on the dome . " company email ( march 2016 ) : " in response to your inquiry , the guinness blonde is 100 % isinglass free . james ’ s gate that will remove isinglass from the guinness brewing process . like a great pint of guinness , good things come to those who wait and we will provide a further update as soon as we are able to do so .
nancy snyderman , chief medical editor for nbc news , says a long growing season and new growth combine to make this spring especially sneezy , stuffy , and sniffly for the estimated 40 million americans who suffer from seasonal allergies . story_separator_special_tag allergies are diseases of the immune system that cause an overreaction to substances called " allergens . “[ a ] voiding a lot of outdoor activity when the pollen is stirred up in the air [ can help ] . follow joy jernigan on twitter . 4. oklahoma city 5. 7. dallas 8. gerald lee .
guerrero used a car loaded with “bait ” in the form of a $ 250 speaker and a purse , both of which were rigged with gps trackers , according to the inside edition video segment . on wednesday , sept. less shattered glass from a recent car break-in remains on the sidewalk on bay street near kearny street in san francisco , calif. sign me up ! no one covers what is happening in our community better than we do . 9 , 2015. the crime , they later noted after reviewing footage , took about 20 seconds .
“he was certainly prepared to engage multiple victims with the ordnance he had at his disposal , ” los angeles police chief charlie beck said at a news conference . sarkar ’ s motive for hasti ’ s slaying remains unclear . ___ 7 : 45 p.m. the grandmother of the slain wife of the ucla gunman says the two of them " just didn ' t get along . a woman was found inside dead from a gunshot wound , bruley said in a statement . your enemy is your enemy . be careful about whom you trust .
moscow former u.s. spy agency contractor edward snowden ' s father arrived in moscow on thursday to see his son , who was granted asylum in russia after leaking details of government surveillance programs . " he ' s remarkably centred , " ex-fbi agent coleen rowley told state-funded rt television . the award is given annually by a group of retired cia officers . he later met his son , local media say . speaking at sheremetyevo airport , where his fugitive son was stranded for weeks this summer , lon snowden said he had no direct contact with edward snowden for months , but felt " extreme gratitude that my son is safe and secure and he ' s free " .
" russia today indisputably represents a far greater threat to our national security than islamic extremist threats " such as al-qaeda and is , carleton-smith said in his first interview since becoming chief of britain ' s general staff in june . moscow has also been accused of meddling in the 2016 us presidential election - which president vladimir putin and other top russian officials have repeatedly denied . " the russians seek to exploit vulnerability and weakness wherever they detect it , " he said . great global strategic vision ! " the russian embassy responded by poking fun at his comments .
this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag add this tweet to your website by copying the code below . மீண்டும் முயற்சிக்கவும் ? learn more ம்ம்ம் , சேவையகத்தை அணுகுவதில் ஒரு சிக்கல் . story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . மூல கீச்சை உள்ளடக்கவும் ஊடகத்தை உள்ளடக்கு by embedding twitter content in your website or app , you are agreeing to the twitter developer agreement and developer policy . learn more add this video to your website by copying the code below .
story_separator_special_tag reeva steenkamp texted oscar pistorius to say " i am sometimes scared of you " just weeks before she died , the athlete ' s trial has heard . a congenital condition meant he had no bones in his lower legs . " the lights in pistorius ' bathroom were on from the moment she first woke up , mrs stipp told the court . why else would a woman scream like that ? he denies all the charges . a separate message from pistorius also mentions ms steenkamp smoking " weed " and refers to her as " angel " , while she calls him " baba " .
story_separator_special_tag an american assault rifle manufacturer has drawn the ire of italy ' s culture minister after an advertisement depicting michelangelo ' s david holding a massive ar-50a1 was published in an italian newspaper . and the historical heritage and fine arts board curator cristina acidini has issued a " legal notice " to the company demanding that it withdraw the ad . in 1991 a man attacked his toe with a hammer . " certain cultural icons belong to everyone and no one ; to humanity in general , " he was quoted as saying . in 1527 his arm was smashed by rioters .
korea ' s rocket fueling imminent seoul , april 9 ( yonhap ) -- north korea is expected to begin fueling a long-range rocket soon , the final step toward its launch set for as early as this week , a south korean official said monday . an independent european analyst who visited the launch site said he saw nothing obvious that raised red flags . japan has said it will shoot down any part of the rocket that enters its territory . they had deep understanding of the fact that the satellite launch is aimed at space development and use for peaceful purposes from a to z , " the korean central news agency said in an english-language dispatch.the dispatch also claimed the foreign journalists and space experts " admired to learn that the north ' s space science and technology has entered the practical stage of satellite .
] credit : karl tate , space.com to see what i mean , here is a list of full-moon dates in 2015 : jan. 23 , and each calendar month has only one full moon . and hence , the full moon on july 31 is referred to as a blue moon , because it was preceded by the full moon on july 2. supermoon ! update for aug. 25 and dec. follow us @spacedotcom , facebook and google+ . 29 , sept. 28 , oct. 27 , nov. 5 , feb.
all are well and spirits are high . we ' re in the ice like the explorers of old ! we have called for assistance due to the anticipated continuing southeasterly winds ( with forecasts kindly provided by the australian antarctic story_separator_special_tag a rescue mission is still underway to help passengers on a antarctic-bound cruiseliner which has been trapped by ice after a storm . on christmas eve we realised we could not get through , in spite of being just 2 nautical miles from open water . beautiful ; light he posted this vine video of the ship on twitter .
that ’ s also a sign that the product may be marketed illegally . among those who have been sickened are several children who are believed to have been exposed to mercury after a parent or other family member used the cream . inorganic mercury inhibits the production of pigment ( melanin ) in the skin and can lighten skin . people can also experience tremors , numbness or tingling in the hands or feet , or weakness in extremities . check the label . if you use a lot of cream , more is absorbed into the body .
" not making future story_separator_special_tag rick perry , the longest-serving governor in texas history who famously muttered " oops " after forgetting during a 2011 presidential debate the third of three federal departments he ' d pledged to close , announced monday he won ' t seek re-election next year to a fourth full term . mitt romney , left , and texas gov . what are you talking about ? joins u.s. air force upon graduation . i will actively lead this great state . ( associated press ) file - in this march 13 , 2000 file photo , texas lt.
for example , in many cases we may not have crawled all of the embedded and linked objects in a page since the urls for these resources were added into queues that quickly grew bigger than the intended size of the crawl ( and therefore we never got to them ) . that romney still doesn ’ t understand this is a bit shocking . — avik roy is an equity research analyst at monness , crespi , hardt &amp; co. he continues to believe that the individual mandate is a good idea , despite the fact that the “free-rider ” problem is a myth .
the new poster for upcoming " star wars : the force awakens . at least for a serious hug . " something funny is definitely going on , " read a message on fandango ' s site . visit star wars at http://www.starwars.com subscribe to star wars on youtube at http://www.youtube.com/starwars like star wars on facebook at http://www.facebook.com/starwars follow star wars on twitter at http://www.twitter.com/starwars follow star wars on instagram at http://www.instagram.com/starwars follow star wars on tumblr at http://starwars.tumblr.com/ story_separator_special_tag the first full trailer for " star wars : episode vii — the force awakens " premiered on espn during halftime of " monday night football .
the jury awarded the family $ 4 , $ 1 for each of hill ' s three children and $ 1 for funeral expenses . , who was killed by a st. gregory hill was in his garage listening to drake ' s song ' all me ' when police responded . evans asked how he could help the family in a tweet saturday and was directed to a gofundme page that was created after the verdict . ! ! she and several school witnesses saw no gun in his hand . lucie county , florida . deputy christopher newman was found not liable .
nintendo cut its forecasts for wii u console sales to 2.8 million units from 9 million and for wii u game sales to 19 million units from 38 million . related : “we are thinking about a new business structure , ” iwata said at a press conference yesterday in osaka , japan . each adr equals 0.125 underlying shares . ( 6758 ) and microsoft corp. and samsung electronics co. nintendo so far has refused to allow its games to be played on machines built by competitors or on tablets or other mobile devices that are used by gamers .
in mr. in major hire , zynga confirms xbox head don mattrick as new ceo , taking over from mark pincus as allthingsd reported earlier today , zynga confirmed that it has hired microsoft ’ s interactive entertainment president don mattrick as its new ceo . i ’ d do all i could to recruit and bring that person in. “he deeply understands the value of a network and the importance of creating lifelong consumer relationships. pincus wrote . pincus concluded a twitter post on mr. the change , announced monday afternoon , came after a series of miscalculations and poor management decisions by mr.
the descent to the comet is passive and it is only possible to predict that the landing point will be within a " landing ellipse " ( typically a few hundred yards or meters in size ) . story_separator_special_tag with inputs from kathrin altwegg , rosina science team , university of bern . site j was 12. an instrument aboard the probe rosetta has detected some intriguing chemical signatures from comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko since their rendezvous in deep space in august , they said . the sites were selected just six weeks after rosetta ' s aug. molecules include ammonia , methane , hydrogen sulphide , hydrogen cyanide and formaldehyde .
“the district court ' s ruling also undermines the notions of trust and fairness that undergird our delicate system of plea bargaining , ” fogle ' s appeal said . the sub chain cut all ties with fogle last year . subway restaurant spokesman jared fogle walks to a waiting car as he leaves his home in july as fbi agents and indiana state police raid his indiana home . with news wire services she could have sentenced him to up to 50 years in prison . and fantasies are not a crime . fogle later admitted he paid for sex at new york city hotels with girls who were 16 or 17 years old and that he had received some child pornography produced by the one-time head of his anti-obesity charity , russell taylor .
carell has had an effortless command of the voice of bland , oblivious authority since his daily show days , and he puts it to great use here , particularly in the story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . " mckinnon ’ s ingraham said . nbc is there anything funnier than an unexpected corpse ? his three-minute message is ostensibly a broad overview of where amazon is at now that its hq2 locations in new york and northern virginia have been selected . ] star ! ( it wasn ’ t. . .
they also wrote that manafort does not deserve special treatment since the limitations he ’ s facing “are common to defendants incarcerated pending trial. paul manafort is being kept in solitary confinement in a virginia jail in order to “guarantee his safety , ” his lawyer said in court documents filed this week . ” last month , manafort was accused of trying to influence witness testimony while he was under house arrest . manafort has been indicted on charges including money laundering and bank fraud . “he is locked in his cell for at least 23 hours per day ( excluding visits from his attorneys ) , ” defense attorney kevin downing wrote .
that ' s what law enforcement officers do . ’ " trump said . acting dea chief says president trump ' condoned police misconduct ' in staff memo president donald trump appeared to advocate rougher treatment of people in police custody during a speech in new york . still , he listed " core values " for agents to follow , including : rule of law , respect and compassion , service , devotion , integrity , accountability , leadership and courage and diversity . i write because we have an obligation to speak out when something is wrong .
also found in the coatings on some nonstick cookware , the inside of pizza boxes and fire-fighting foam , this chemical is used in the linings of some microwave popcorn bags to prevent oil from soaking through the paper . they ’ re termed ‘likely carcinogens ’ by environmental protection agency ( epa ) which cause a host of health nightmares . most brands have products with zero trans fats . there are a few benefits to diy . check labels . or pop your own . yeah , that may not be as good as you might think .
” following clinton on stage , obama kicked off his remarks by taking on trump ’ s attempt to move away from his long history of raising doubts about the president ’ s origins . " but we ' ve got a museum for him to visit , so he can tune in . this year , obama said , trump presents a nightmarish vision of change that he urged the country to reject . go vote . it matters . you want to give me a good sendoff ? " in other breaking news , the world is round , not flat.
trump , was filed in 2013. and if they bought that , teachers would upsell them again to buy " mentorships " at a cost of $ 10,000 and up . schneiderman ' s suit alleges that the business was warned by the state ' s education department as early as 2005 that it was violating state law by calling itself a university , but nevertheless continued to do business under that name for five years . ... 3. some paid tens of thousands of dollars . 1. there are three separate lawsuits . donald j. the first , tarla makaeff v.
canada ' s prime minister called it the country ' s second terrorist attack in three days . ( twitter ) harper , who was on parliament hill at the time of the shooting and was safely whisked away , met with members of his cabinet before making his address . a soldier standing guard at the national war memorial has been shot by an unknown ... " ndp leader tom mulcair andliberal leader justin trudeau delivered their own statements , condemning the attacks and pledging support for the government . nathan cirillo , 24 , a reservist from hamilton .
synthetic cannabinoids across chicago and parts of central illinois have been found to contain brodifacoum , a rat poison , according to state health officials . must watch police : spike in synthetic marijuana overdoses in 2015 02 : 13 synthetic cannabinoids are human-made chemicals that do not walk or drive yourself . these substances are sprayed on dried plant material for smoking or sold in liquid form to be used in vaporizing devices . patients are treated with intravenous transfusions of vitamin k to restore their blood ’ s clotting ability , followed by vitamin k pills . " like so many other drugs , synthetic cannabinoids are addictive and people are not able to give them up .
the victim recorded the plate number of schneider ' s car as he drove off and she reported it to police . grannik said that was a " life sentence , " according to ktva . " he said his decision was based on the prospect of rehabilitation . ' this can never happen again ' schneider was charged with four felonies , including kidnapping and assault . story_separator_special_tag a criminal complaint against schneider , written by apd detective brett sarber , said that the victim had been at the holiday gas station at minnesota drive and spenard road , looking for a ride toward muldoon .
spain ’ s king juan carlos , 2nd left is kissed by queen sofia , left in the presence of spain ' s crown prince felipe , 3rd left and princess letizia after he signed an abdication law during a ceremony at the ... chants of " long live the king " rang out in spanish . retirements of monarchs stroke of pen his father ' s 39-year reign had come to an end with the stroke of a pen and the stroke of midnight wednesday . felipe paid tribute to his father ' s " extraordinary " legacy over nearly four decades , including his leadership as the country returned to democracy following the death of dictator francisco franco in 1975.
" he had the means and the ability to carry this out , " he said . weiler was arrested thursday after a worker at a motel in miami , okla. among the documents were a list of churches , a hand-drawn map with the churches grouped and circled , instructions for making molotov cocktails and a handwritten journal , said loring . weiler has been held without bond on charges of threatening to use an explosive or incendiary device and violating the oklahoma antiterrorism act . ) sheriff department shows gregory arthur weiler ii . both work at the hartley law firm .
a novato man says it ’ s rightfully his . stifler and mcfadden agreed to pay settgast $ 425,000 to feature the " fukang meteorite " in their it ’ s not just any rock but the famous fukang meteorite , a sparkly slab of greenish crystals that is said to be one of the greatest space rocks ever discovered . date unknown . " civil suits don ’ t use terms like ‘steal . all three filed the counterclaim on march 29. and the maine mineral and gem museum in maine . latest sfgate videos now playing : now playing 4 : 20 pm on 4/20 at hippie hill ted andersen , sfgate the waldos at 4 : 20 p.m. on 4/20 david downs interview with the waldos on 4/20 david downs ' blindspotting ' trailer san francisco chronicle cannabis revelers descend on hippie hil paul chinn , the chronicle the real meaning of 420 alix martichoux / sfgate coast guard search and rescue ted andersen , sfgate emeryville police release video of robbery suspects san francisco chronicle 1906 earthquake commemoration douglas zimmerman , sfgate audio : southwest flight 1380 emergency landing via broadcastify the tale begins 4 billion years ago , give or take an eon , when the meteorite plummeted to earth and landed in the gobi desert of china .
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . on feb.
you keep that locked pouch with you . but alicia keys and others are taking it a step further and banning phones altogether . " by separating something that ' s primarily for their social life , i ' m hoping that it brings them more in the moment , " offield said . filming the event has become as much a part of the concert-going experience as swaying to the music . “what ? ” one fan grumbles . dugoni first introduced the bags at nightclubs in tech-centric san francisco . the list is very short . the tension breaks .
” far from advocating an end to the program , she said existing benefits should be protected , more money should be put into the system and , in the future , younger workers should be given the choice between a “personal account ” and social security benefits . angle : not in my book . it ’ s shocking to hear her say that the separation of church and state isn story_separator_special_tag in a radio interview with bill manders on jan. only once did she flatly admit her pre-primary language was too strong , when asked to explain her comments that the citizenry will resort to “second amendment remedies ” — referring to the right to bear arms — if conservatives didn ’ t win this election .
the first of stewart ’ s three executive orders declared the official language of the united states to be “bull — - ” — perhaps a call out to stewart ’ s warning in his august 2015 sign-off from “the daily show. trump , am exhausting . ellen degeneres uses ' dory ' to lecture trump on immigration jon stewart had both stephen colbert and audience members keeling over in laughter . boom ! 20 inauguration . " done . eleven . ( michele crowe/cbs ) " i hereby direct that to secure our border , china shall immediately and without hesitation send us their wall , " stewart announced .
trump ’ s rivals . " trump declared to the crowd that he has no intention of reversing any of his provocative policy plans , including building a wall along the length of the southern border . " here , i have to rant and rave . ” later , in bridgeport , mr. clinton can ’ t win enough delegates on april 25 to officially knock bernie ... " rafael ! trump said . trump , who leads his two republican opponents in both votes and delegates , begins preparing his campaign for a general election , he told voters in connecticut on saturday that they should not expect him to start “toning it down.
marine archaeologists have recovered a bronze arm from an ancient shipwreck off the greek island of antikythera , where the remains of at least seven more priceless statues from the classical world are believed to lie buried . “we think it means a minimum of seven , and potentially nine , bronze sculptures still waiting for us down there. merchant ship would have been bound for rome , where wealthy members of roman society decorated their villas with grecian art . greece ' s division of underwater antiquities — a government agency that ' s part of the country ' s ministry of archaeology — announced their finds wednesday after several weeks of excavations , which lasted from september 4 to 20.
the crimson ' s survey also reported that 8 % of the incoming class expected to get jobs in the finance industry . ten percent of respondents admitted to having cheated on an exam , and 17 percent said they had cheated on a paper or a take-home assignment . [ updated at 10 : 21 p.m. , sept. and not a single freshman expressed plans to study african and african american studies , germanic languages and literatures , or south asian " " plagiarism or falsification of research results will ordinarily result in a requirement to withdraw or expulsion , " the policy states .
story_separator_special_tag russell brand arrested comedian hit photographers while trying to protect katy perry ... he was released after posting $ 20,000 bail . law enforcement sources tell tmztold lax cops immediately after he attacked paparazzi that he did it because a photog was trying to shoot up his fiancée ' s skirt.as we first reported , brand and perry were going through delta security when he allegedly attacked photogs . " katy also added two hash tags : #standbyourman and #don ’ t****withthebrands . russell has not commented on the incident . after the incident katy tweeted : " if you cross the line &amp; try and put a lens up my dress , my fiancé will do his job &amp; protect me .
jon opens up to " the insider " about hailey ' s confessions , saying : " my girlfriend , hailey glassman , has paid a significant price to live under such a media microscope . after jon and hailey broke up stephanie said that he called her and revealed his dark and disturbing thoughts to her . he said “he was going to end it all the he couldn ’ t handle it anymore. i ask you to please give me the opportunity to prove myself . of course , maybe doing that in private would be better .
in the case of youtube , the company said the data doesn ' t include requests by government agencies for removal of copyrighted content . the company says it tries to notify users when information about their accounts has been requested . ( data in json format. story_separator_special_tag google inc. view full image associated press a google sign at google headquarters in mountain view , calif. " we hope this tool will shine some light on the scale and scope of government requests for censorship and data around the globe , " he wrote in a blog post .
u.s. president donald trump has warned that a north korea ' s media said more missiles will be launched in the future . north korea said that launch tested the capability to carry a “large-size heavy nuclear warhead ” and put the u.s. mainland within “sighting range. the missile , described by washington as medium-range , was fired from pukchang in south pyongan province and traveled about 310 miles , according to the south ' s armed forces . it claims one was a hydrogen bomb and story_separator_special_tag seoul/washington ( reuters ) - north korea said on monday it successfully tested what it called an intermediate-range ballistic missile , which met all technical requirements and could now be mass-produced , although u.s. officials and experts questioned the extent of its progress .
french prime minister manuel valls told france ' s bfm tv on monday that there was " without a doubt " at least one accomplice to the deadly attacks in paris and vowed that " the hunt will go on . usa today traditionally does not show images of mohammed to avoid offending muslim readers . more than 40 world leaders , their arms linked , marched through ... 11 , 2015. but the magazine cover has enough news value to warrant its publication in this case . remaining charlie hebdo staff on tuesday said an unprecedented run of 3 million copies of the next issue wednesday were planned .
tighe says that reports of auditions to be in a relationship with tom cruise were accidentally sent to his printer , which is how he learned that an interaction with cruise and actress scarlett johansson didn ’ t go well . “i can justify things in all kinds of different ways , but basically , like , as a scientologist . , has also been pushing this false reunion narrative for years . the outlet ’ s sister publication , ok ! in april 2013 , the magazine said he would surprise suri by visiting her on her birthday .
as safety is always on the forefront for swagway , we ' re glad that this is taking place , especially in light of recent concerns with the fires with the poor quality batteries . wgno reported on the incident and wrote , " a shipping order provided by the family shows that the hoverboard came from a company called " fit turbo " and was ordered on amazon.com . last week , searching “hoverboard ” on amazon in the us yielded hundreds of listings for vehicles : now , amazon ’ s us ( dec. no hoverboard fires have been reported in indiana .
he ’ s patient in his pacing , and you must be , as well . elio has the gangly body of a boy but with an intellect and a quick wit beyond his years , and the worldliness his parents have fostered within him at least allows him to affect the façade of sophistication . it really works , and it ’ s perhaps the ultimate example of how masterfully the director manipulates and enlivens all of our senses . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
toughie , the world ' s last rabbs ' fringe-limbed tree frog and a symbol of the extinction crisis , has died at his home in the atlanta botanical garden . “a lot of people were moved to tears when they saw him . he was one of many frogs scientists raced to collect as the deadly chytrid fungus closed in on central panama . we have sent you a verification email . mark mandica , who worked with toughie for seven years , says the frog ' s story isn ' t entirely unique . ” ( hear toughie ' s call.
' ' some of these women invest more in their shoes than they do in the stock market , ' ' said dr. sadrieh ( who was wearing made-to-order gucci brogues ) , foot surgery is a fusion of medicine and fairy tale . people get butt implants to channel beyonce and j.lo . “so i decided to create a name that captures the result of the procedure , without all the latin . suzanne m. levine said . the american podiatric medical association is also likely to formally discourage medically unnecessary foot operations , said dr.
ziglar ziglar , a motivational speaker whose “success rallies , ” “born to win ” seminars , more than 25 self-help books and countless audiotapes attracted millions of devoted followers with homespun advice on career advancement and moral uplift , died nov. 28 at a hospital in the dallas suburb of plano . ziglar was the same guy behind the closed doors as he was preparing for his presentations to thousands of people that he was when we were sitting at the kitchen table and he was reading the newspaper , " hellwig said . zig ziglar !
“because the threat is specific and extends to several schools , we will be cautious and close all of our public schools in nashua ( on monday ) . police did not release further details about what the threat said . " a state police bomb squad was at nashua high school north on sunday night . “the nashua police department is doing a great job -- they are working very hard to determine as much as they can. kerry baxter . “i think superintendent conrad made the correct move in speaking with the chief .
a herd of 6,000 pacific walruses hauled out on the same barrier island last year , but at a much later-than-average date of oct. " it will be important to monitor august 2017 , as weather conditions and storm events during this month have been closely related to the seasonal minimum sea ice extent in the recent years , " the data center said in an aug. 3 report . walruses packed shoulder to shoulder in large numbers face that ' s far too deep for walruses to reach the ocean bottom . walruses typically use floating ice as platforms to rest between dives to forage for food , but summer and fall melt has forced them ashore .
in an earlier email , the aclu said manning was charged with disrespect for requesting a lawyer when she felt she was being accused of misconduct . chelsea ' s voice is critical to our public discourse about government accountability and trans justice and we can only preserve it if we stay vigilant in our advocacy on her behalf . chelsea manning , then-army pfc . usa today army pvt . you are involved in violation of acc policy letter 16 , using , possessing , handling or storing of medicine , except as authorized by the facility medical staff .
" deliveries will be intermittent and dependent on terminal and refinery supply , " the company said in an update . it can hold more than 700 million barrels of oil , making it the largest emergency oil reserve in the world . line 1 had been operating at a reduced capacity since harvey hit . the aaa average national gas price at 3 : 43 a.m. et on thursday was $ 2.449 a gallon , up from an average price of $ 2.348 a gallon last week . in their eighth straight day of gains , futures are on their longest rising streak in four years , according to bloomberg .
at that point , coach frazier told me in a flat voice , " if that ' s what you feel you have to do , " and the meeting ended . chastising him for trampling the free-speech rights of baltimore ravens linebacker brendon ayanbadejo . the atmosphere was tense as i left the room . however , i ' m pretty confident it was . burns jr. advertisement on sept. hello . myself . in may 2013 , the vikings released me from the team . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
oscar pistorius ... they also insisted that mr pistorius , whose position as south africa ' s golden boy was cemented when he won two gold medals and a silver at last year ' s london paralympics , had no reason to harm miss steenkamp , 29 , his girlfriend of four months . “i was in total shock . ’ did the gun go off by accident? 14 , 2013 en route to appear in court charged with murder . ( associated press ) file - in this aug. god take me away. his family deny the charges story_separator_special_tag the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph story_separator_special_tag oscar pistorius ' agent has canceled all future track races so the double-amputee olympian can focus on the murder charge against him , underscoring the possibility the disabled sports icon might never again run competitively on his famous carbon fiber blades .
it zoomed in on two chimpanzees , the females tushi and raimee . previous studies showed that the chimps at this dutch zoo spontaneously and innovatively use up to 13 types of tools in a variety of ways , especially utilizing sticks of different sizes . “it seemed deliberate , given the decision to collect it and carry it to a place where the drone might be attacked. the drone already caught the chimpanzees ’ attention during a practice run . contact katrin petermann &#124; springer &#124; corporate communications tel +49-6221-487-8414 &#124; katrin.petermann2@springer.com
did you say you ' re in a house full of girls ? when she arrived about a month ago , he sent her to get plastic surgery , she told the dispatcher . and it wasn ' t just her . he was in jail with an initial court appearance scheduled for thursday . he knows exactly what he ' s doing , " the woman said . please check your email and click on the link to activate your ajc.com profile . according to fulton county property records , the two-story brick home measures 6,806 square feet and is valued at $ 976,300 .
the northeast is bracing for winter ' s last hurrah — a blizzard expected to sweep the new ... meteorologists said the storm could dump 12 to 18 inches of snow on new york city with wind gusts of 40 to 50 mph . so far in 2017 , it ’ s been in the 60s or 70s as often as it ’ s snowed in new york city . the result will be a snow day for sure on tuesday with schools and workplaces closed — the national weather service is warning that “several roads may become impassable ” and those that travel should bring along a “winter survival kit.
bill haslam has decided not to veto a resolution demanding a lawsuit be filed over the federal refugee resettlement program in tennessee . we share his concerns that this measure allows an unconstitutional power grab by one branch of government , undermining the separation of powers that is at the very heart of the tennessee constitution . " fears about refugees in tennessee came into focus after terrorist attacks last year in paris and san bernardino , california . haslam said he had asked state attorney general herbert slatery to clarify whether lawmakers have the authority to hire outside attorneys to represent the state .
in one instance , the speaker , allegedly fogle tells herman-walrond that he likes boys and girls of " all ages , " adding , " that ' s the thing i mean . it depends ... cnn ' s ryan young contributed to this report who is ready for what . in secret recordings aired on dr. you know . phil mcgraw ' s producers acquired the fogle tapes from rochelle herman-walrond , a self-described journalist and former radio host from florida who said she secretly recorded fogle and became an fbi informant . "  want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ?
the country ' s electricity grid is also expected to falter in coming weeks . the african union has joined west african nations in imposing sanctions on mali after a recent coup . landlocked mali has to import all its fuel - and reporters say the country will struggle to survive an economic blockade . mali ' s president was sent into hiding when a group of disgruntled soldiers started a mutiny at a military base located around 10 kilometers ( 6 miles ) from the presidential palace . timbuktu ' s " outstanding architectural wonders " must be safeguarded , it said .
story_separator_special_tag image copyright national palace museum image caption genghis khan was the founder of the mongol empire , which historians say was the largest contiguous empire in history the rise of genghis khan and the huge mongol empire in the early 13th century may have been helped by good weather , scientists suggest . here we present a 1,112-y tree-ring reconstruction of warm-season water balance derived from siberian pine ( pinus sibirica ) trees in central mongolia . " where it ' s arid , unusual moisture creates unusual plant productivity , and that translates into horsepower . grass grew at a rapid rate , providing fodder for his war horses .
pa : press association 3 jk rowling ' s ex- assistant allegedly spent thousands of pounds on a credit card without the author ' s approval court papers seen by the sun claim donaldson ’ s alleged spending was rumbled by jk ’ s hubby neil murray , 47. ms rowling also claims ms donaldson , who controlled memorabilia requests from fans , used her position to steal a harry potter motorised hogwarts express worth £ 467.56 , a harry potter wizard collection worth £ 2231.76 and a harry potter tales of beedle the bard set worth £ 395 .
’ ’ during a second night of demonstrations , a protest in portland , ore. the crowd was dispersed using " less lethal munitions " and at least 26 protesters were arrested , police said . ” he added that campuses are getting more conservative . ; and milwaukee joined in protests that had begun wednesday in new york , los angeles , chicago , seattle , philadelphia , boston and other larger cities . 19 to formally vote trump into office . rudolph w. bush . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
rutgers said the man with a knife was a former student , and witnesses said he may have been trying to hurt himself . ru alert : suspect in custody . students on campus say it happened on the fifth floor of the business building , near a lounge where students were studying . stefan holt reports . police investigation ongoing . area is safe . ( published saturday , nov. piscataway , n.j. watch the moon eclipse the sun in under 3 minutes see a time-lapse of the 2017 solar eclipse in less than three minutes .
wagner : my name is shantel story_separator_special_tag the wife of a jefferson parish sheriff ' s office deputy has been arrested and booked with second-degree murder in his death . " she confessed to shooting her husband . dispatcher : ok ma ' am i need you to go up to him . smith was suffering from ptsd , was depressed , had financial and relationship troubles and had threatened to kill himself just the day before in a text message , according to palazzo . close get email notifications on chad calder daily ! ) lane in waggaman ?
but for a nearly 100-year-old woman in the netherlands , her bucket list — the list of things she wants to do before " kicking the bucket , " as it were — included an unusual item . a feisty dutch grandmother was ' arrested ' by local police after her niece notified them she wanted to be handcuffed and locked up by authorities before she died . she even got to test out handcuffs . ------ story_separator_special_tag most people dream of avoiding trouble with the law over the course of their lives . it looks like she ' s having an absolute blast .
" it ' s superficial in a sense that everything in hollywood is a little superficial . it ' s kind of the unknown and the known . " but one day i would love to have kids . pratt rhythmically coos . i don ' t know if spencer quite feels the same way . " eat my panties off me , " mrs. reimagine heidi and other stars with jersey shore star snooki ' s hair ! just about living life and enjoying every moment and living it up -- definitely club music . it ' s not what it seems to be , it ' s the inside that counts .
story_separator_special_tag the 2 : 45 p.m. incident forced police to shut down pennsylvania avenue , which is open only to pedestrians , for more than a hour , and put the white house on lockdown . he was not identified . get updates on your area delivered via e-mail president barack obama was not at the white house at the time . the man was not immediately identified because charges had not yet been placed . he said secret service agents and officers with the u.s. park police pulled the man down before he got over the fence . washington ( cnn ) -- a man tried to jump the white house fence on friday , causing a brief lockdown while he was apprehended , law enforcement officials said .
story_separator_special_tag pierce brosnan i got $ 1.4m for my dylan painting ! martin ’ s school of art in london . she ' s quickly building a rep for pricey hollywood collectibles . the former james bond star , 65 , who was trained as a commercial artist and worked as an illustrator , just auctioned off one of his original paintings for $ 1.4 million . event produced by aab productions/andy boose date thursday , may 17 , 2018 location hôtel du cap-eden-roc cap d ’ antibes , france honorary chairs alessandra ambrosio poppy delevingne linda evangelista silvia fendi aileen getty kate hudson scarlett johansson milla jovovich heidi klum daphna krim karolina kurkova sienna miller angela missoni mary parent katy perry natasha poly aishwarya rai vanessa redgrave joely richardson carine roitfeld caroline scheufele irina shayk lara stone donatella versace michelle yeoh contact for sponsorship/leadership andy boose at ( 212 ) 219-0297 or aboose@aabproductions.com contact for ticket/table information christina christofi at ( 212 ) 806-1611 or amfargalacannes@amfar.org contact for press inquiries bennah serfaty at ( 212 ) 806-1607 or bennah.serfaty@amfar.org presenting sponsors signature sponsor photo gallery ...
” this morning , he repeated the claim , and even assured a questioner that he was , in fact , serious . we ’ ve messaged musk to ask what ’ s going . it might not seem terribly wise digging underground in a city known for its earthquakes , but los angeles does have a underground rail system already — though it is far more limited in range than those in other major u.s. cities . crenshaw and the 105 freeway , which is 5 mins from lax . no . exciting progress on the tunnel front .
that figure is for women from 15 to 19 years old . she grew up in a large family in a small town in pennsylvania and almost all her high school friends are married with children . “i just want to build my book of business and see where i can go from here , ” she said . but that growth has been inconsistent , and over the same time frame , the birthrate has shown a general decline . 1 priority. shannon hettinger , a 32-year-old from washington , d.c. the longest period of continuous decline on record was from 1958 to 1968 , according to brady e.
there is approximately 15,000 s. its 5.45 acres of pristine oceanfront property , with 450 linear feet on the beach , are enveloped in the most magnificent coastal gardens and grounds found in california . all of this rests behind three sets of gates . nixon and known as the western white house during his presidency is back up for sale at $ 63.5 million — down from its $ 75-million asking price three years ago . 9,000 s. f. ; a 3,000 s. stands of exotic palms and monterey cypress sway in the ocean breezes whilst overlooking wide expanses of emerald lawns .
according to the official statement published on rospotrebnadzor ’ s website , the investigation was prompted by “concerns expressed by community of parents and teachers ” and aims at researching how fidget spinners influence children ’ s and teenagers ’ health and whether they can have any negative effects on it . rossiya24 is running another segment about about the opposition zombifying people with spinners . story_separator_special_tag not everyone gets fidget spinners . — alexey kovalev ( @alexey__kovalev ) july 12 , 2017 “god ! basically the russian opposition is a massive job creator in the country , ” he added .
based on reporting by rfe/rl , ap , and dpa afghanistan ' s president hamid karzai has assigned a team to investigate claims by the united nations that prisoners in government custody were being tortured and abused.a presidential office statement on january 22 said the delegation will " fully investigate the claims of torture , mistreatment , death threats , and sexual abuse " in detention facilities.the statement said the delegation should report back to karzai within two weeks " so that follow-up measures can be taken . " anyone we interrogate , we document it all . it doesn ' t work .
mahurin said that both ancona and jinkerson were involved in disposal of the body and the cleanup . russell said he presumes that malissa ancona was seeking access to her husband ’ s safe . francois county • a missouri ku klux klan leader might have been shot in his sleep because he had told his wife he wanted a divorce , st. , 24 , of belgrade , mo. louis auto supply company . the young man was attending a local college , the lawyer said . ancona went missing friday . when investigators searched the ancona home saturday , they found “extensive blood evidence ” in the master bedroom , officials said .
please enable javascript to watch this video new york — in a stunning lawsuit seeking to hold saudi arabia accountable for 9/11 , the families of 800 victims have filed a lawsuit accusing the saudis of complicity in the worst terror attacks on american soil . for example , the consolidated suit story_separator_special_tag senate committee any committee agriculture , nutrition , and forestry ( 70th-116th ) armed services ( 79th-116th ) banking , housing , and urban affairs ( 70th-116th ) budget ( 93rd-116th ) commerce , science , and transportation ( 79th-116th ) energy and natural resources ( 70th-116th ) environment and public works ( 79th-116th ) finance ( 70th-116th ) foreign relations ( 70th-116th ) health , education , labor , and pensions ( 70th-116th ) homeland security and governmental affairs ( 70th-116th ) judiciary ( 70th-116th ) rules and administration ( 79th-116th ) small business and entrepreneurship ( 81st-116th ) veterans ' affairs ( 91st-116th ) state or territory indicated any state or territory alabama alaska american samoa arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia florida georgia guam hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota northern mariana islands ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania puerto rico rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virgin islands virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming nomination actions any nomination action placed on calendar as privileged nomination committee requested information was received referred to committee hearings held ordered reported reported to senate committee discharged placed on calendar placed on calendar with footnote considered by senate unanimous consent agreement cloture motion cloture invoked/not invoked rereferred to committee received message of withdrawal returned to president confirmed by senate story_separator_special_tag close the lawsuit , brought in the federal court that covers lower manhattan , is years in the making .
the deal , in which knight admitted using a " deadly and dangerous weapon " when he ran down two men with his vehicle , calls for him to serve 22 years in prison for voluntary manslaughter with a further six years added because of the us " three-strikes " law relating to repeated violations . smalls ' estate claimed that knight had ordered the killing in revenge for shakur ' s death . news . dre . knight denied it and the suit was dismissed . who is suge knight ? the 2015 incident happened after an argument over the making of straight outta compton , a biopic about rap group nwa .
he also said he held the constitution dear to his heart , and was glad he had the rights to a due process . if found guilty deaton could face five years in prison , and a fine of $ 10,000 . heck jr. 14 in county common pleas court on the third-degree felony count . sullivan . story_separator_special_tag by lynn hulsey , staff writer dayton — eric w. labotz , independent michael pryce and write-in candidate arthur t. george voinovich , r-ohio . deaton , 42 , of new lebanon is to be arraigned sept.
nbc news flags one of the 23 executive actions taken by president obama this afternoon as part of his push for stricter gun control in the united states : in short , the president has effectively lifted what has been a virtual 17-year ban on basic research into the public health effects of gun violence . photo by chip somodevilla/getty images . ) 1. , signs ... “attacking firearms and ignoring children is not a solution to the crisis we issue a presidential memorandum to require federal agencies to make relevant data available to the federal background check system .
security has been steadily deteriorating in afghanistan with increasingly brazen attacks being carried out by insurgents and afghanistan ' s security forces have been on high alert ahead of saturday ' s elections . miller was the target and said raziq , the governor and the intelligence chief were killed . zalmay wesa , who died of his wounds at a nearby hospital . he had no further information . " gen. earlier , nato spokeswoman sgt . 17 , 2018 . of the five czech soldiers , one was seriously injured when their vehicle overturned following the explosion .
however , i was repulsed by the over-the-top language and symbolism that was suggested in the memo that was sent to me , and never considered that for a moment . ) yesterday , the resident cartoonists at andrew breitbart ' s biggovernment.com posted this offering : if there ' s a " joke " in there , i ' m missing it . read more ... ( cnn also has elliot spitzer on payroll . ms. the conservative media are striking back against mrs. but i may well object to a host of things about the plan , though i like the objective .
story_separator_special_tag update : malvern school district said teacher trent bennett , accused of referring to president barack obama and first lady michelle obama as monkeys , has resigned . " a lot of kids read that . i acknowledge that they were disrespectful and offensive . “in no way are these posts reflective of the district . ' " honestly , i don ' t think he needs to be teaching , " said hughes . we went by bennett ' s house tuesday , but only a barking dog responded . as a disabled marine corps and army veteran i find it very disheartening that an educator such as yourself that is charged with molding the minds of our future leaders of this great country of different ethnicities , backgrounds and cultures would make such racially charged comments about our commander in chief and his wife .
" idol " is coming back in march , 2018 on abc . ryan seems to think he ' s up to the task ... ” abc reportedly outbid fox and nbc for the reality show ’ s return . a black eyed peas reunion album . abc made the offer nearly 2 weeks ago , and the networks ' s plan is to officially announce it at the upfronts in a week . the last three winners of idol : trent harmon , nick fradiani ( ? with an l.a. fitness membership . we got him going in to le bernardin restaurant in nyc .
” meet the british ceo of the firm behind the gun that brought tragedy to florida read more his comments came as debney blamed “challenging market conditions ” for a dramatic slump in the company ’ s profits and sales . , hertz global holdings inc. and kroger co. photograph : boston globe/boston globe via getty images like its rivals , aob has experienced a sharp drop in sales since donald trump was elected president . facebook twitter pinterest james debney . senator chuck schumer , a new york democrat , called on trump to support tougher curbs thursday , saying the gun-rights group has had republicans in a “headlock for decades.
baby russell is a happy little boy who likes to coo and grunt to his parents . it is estimated that 1 in 4,000 people has mito . in 2015 , after a long debate , experts at the us national academies of science , engineering , and medicine concluded that this sort of research on human embryos should be encouraged . why isn ’ t he thriving ? " mitochondrial dna depletion syndrome affects energy in his cells . it ’ s progressive and there is no cure . today ( aug. ” budnik-nap recalled . held by his mother in his texas township home monday , russell ’ s breathing was labored .
ryan lochte parents swimming in debt , facing foreclosure ryan lochte -- parents swimming in debt , facing foreclosure exclusive us olympic swimming championmight have to parlay his newfound fame into a quick payday to help out the folks ... the bank is seeking to recoup $ 250,000 . citimortgage claims steven and ileane lochte took out a mortgage loan for $ 258,000 back in 2007 and they were to pay $ 1,609.58/month.but according to the bank , the lochtes stopped making payments in february 2011 -- and now owe $ 242,239 ( plus interest ) on the home .
el chapo reportedly met her in 2006 , when he was around 50 years old and she was 17. i think that all human beings have the right to have at least the basic things — they are not giving that to him , ” she said . a telemundo promotional photo for its interview with emma coronel aispuro . the whole point penn wrote a colorful story for rolling stone about the encounter . they married in 2007 on her 18th birthday . the mexican actress kate del castillo , known for her role as a female drug kingpin in a popular telenovela , was exploring such a film project after guzman , an admirer , reached out to her .
" i thought i ' d had a concussion , but i had forgotten that i had my earplugs in from [ shooting ] the gun ! now check out our list of angelina ' s kick ass movies . jolie , 35 , joined ' salt ' co-star liev schreiber for a panel on their upcoming film . ) , their attorneys have been working to kill — at least temporarily — another round of bogus breakup rumors . fail . the gorgeous brunette delighted fans when she took the stage in a skintight leather jacket , form-fitting black pencil skirt , and open-toe black heels .
according to the medical examiner ’ s office , a combination of sedatives and anesthesia administered prior to and during the procedure played a role in her death . christopher happy concluded in his autopsy report . lilly geyer at island dentistry for children . she died jan 3. on dec. boyle ’ s attorney says records show the girl wasn ’ t monitored while she was sedated . in january , new state rules took effect tightening oversight of dental sedation in hawaii . he didn ' t respond to the newspaper ' s requests for comment on the autopsy report thursday .
the group was expected to return to philadelphia on saturday . the students had stayed in harlan county , where they were volunteering for a non-profit organization , caroulis said . " the other thing was loaning them cellphones so that they could call their parents . baker said the hikers didn ' t arrive at high rock until 5 p.m. most of the hikers were seen in the emergency room at appalachian regional hospital in whitesburg , with one woman admitted and listed in good condition , spokeswoman dena sparkman said friday . a visitor log at the entrance to the trail was signed " la salle university " for march 8.
what ’ s tough about being a car owner in newark is the traffic . specifically , we looked at hours spent in traffic per year for the average driver , the annual cost of traffic for the average driver , the rate of motor vehicle theft , the number of repair shops and parking garages per driver , the commuter stress index and the non-driving options a resident has for getting around . 4. oakland , california one argument against car ownership in oakland is the crime . grin and bear it . thus some cities with really bad traffic like los angeles or long beach didn ’ t quite crack the top 10.
the usa leads the world in obesity , but it ' s far from the only country with a weight problem . " those are extraordinary levels , " murray says . it is a major risk factor for heart disease and stroke , diabetes , arthritis and certain cancers . … we hoped there would be some examples of success that you could latch onto . earth ' s population now tops 7 billion . alexandre lesage examines an obese patient in his office prior to surgery at the saint jean d ' angely hospital , in saint jean d ' angley , france in this file photo taken january 24 , 2013.
little rock , ark . listen : 911 call reporting child falling into lr zoo cat exhibit ( http://on.kthv.com/1xzo1zy ) the father and grandfather told police that they both saw the child ' s feet go over the railing out of their peripheral vision , according to the report . like this topic ? lt. shortly afterward , more zoo workers arrived . vpc the jaguar exhibit at little rock zoo in arkansas after a 3-year-old fell oct. the toddler is being treated for extensive scalp lacerations , a skull fracture and minor puncture wounds , said lt.
( ryan brennecke/bulletin photo ) - bulletin january neatherlin addresses the parents and family members of the children she abandoned during her sentencing hearing at deschutes county circuit court on friday , march 9 , 2018 . prosecutors had requested a 35-year prison term . “i failed you all . she had also lied to parents about being a registered nurse , even though she had no such qualifications . she drove her kids to school on the first trip . january neatherlin , 32 , had been running an illegal childcare operation called little giggles for approximately four years and pleaded guilty to 11 counts of first-degree criminal mistreatment and one count of third-degree assault , according to court records .
but now , it appears the network has reversed its decision and will be sending the reporter back to gaza to continue his coverage as soon as possible . one killed a man and wounded two children in a southern bedouin arab village in israel , police said . relatives say ... an israeli armored personnel carrier moves near the israel and gaza border , saturday , july 19 , 2014. israel sent ground forces into hamas-controlled gaza on thursday after 10 days of air and naval barrages failed to stop rocket fire from the palestinian territory . ” meanwhile , nbc news correspondent richard engel was allowed to stay in the region .
a source familiar with the matter tells billboard that the purchase was for $ 200 million and that jay and each of the company ' s two dozen artist-owners will remain part owners . " marcelo understood our goal right away and together we are excited to bring sprint ’ s 45 million customers an unmatched entertainment experience . but jay z , whose real name is shawn carter , found a lifeline through a deal announced on monday in which sprint will buy a one-third stake in the service for an undisclosed amount . 23 ) . almost since jay z took it over , the service has been the subject of speculation that it would fail or be subsumed by a deep-pocket competitor like apple .
after strangling and stabbing her , briggs stole greco ' s car . at the time of the murder , briggs was on parole in long island for a burglary and robbery . his dna turned up on the blanket that covered her body . he will be sentenced in june to 30 years to life . greco was a deeply spiritual , soft-spoken woman . a rosary with swarovski amethyst beads and a 2-inch sterling silver crucifix , a gift to her just days before , was never found . he noticed coffee mugs and glassware in the kitchen of her stanford street home .
penn wrote about the meeting with mr. whether he ' s standing in the midst of a slum , a jungle or a battlefield , his idiosyncratic elegance , mischievous smile and self-effacing charm have a way of defusing threat . ” david broome , who produced the series , said , “we never say in this documentary that sean penn is in cahoots with the d.o.j. claims that penn disputed and have since faded . do they still make laptops ? no fucking idea ! invalid email address . please re-enter . ( ms. the subject did not ask for any changes .
, " mr morrison said . unaware that he was saving the heir to the danish throne , nick malcolm rushed into the water on thursday after spotting the boy was in trouble while swimming just offshore at mermaid beach on the gold coast in queensland . " we got him before it got too serious , but he wouldn ' t have come back in , " he said . share link prince christian sitting alongside his younger sister , princess isabella . prince frederik thanked the lifeguard , who later said “oh , ok ” and returned to his patrol .
apple q&a on location data : the company goes on to say it ’ s partly to blame for any ‘confusion ’ about it , though , because users haven ’ t been ‘educated ’ to fully understand the technical issues with providing mobile users with fast and accurate location information . apple admits that this storing the cache for such a long time was a bug that will be fixed , ultimately recognizing that this was a valid source for concern . there we go . i salute you . your location ) . apple has officially — officially !
story_separator_special_tag police said a teenage girl died after being thrown from the sizzler ride at the st. an eppd spokesperson confirmed that a 16-year old girl was killed in the accident , and another was injured . the el paso police department ' s crime against persons unit has been called in to the scene . the company in charge of the carnival rides is playtime amusements inc. at a press conference friday night , sgt . enrique carrillo told abc news . all rights reserved . thomas aquinas church located at 10900 bywood . go fund me : https://www.gofundme.com/27ptktvw we will bring you more information as it becomes available .
( exact name of registrant as specified in its charter ) delaware 5961 20-4898921 ( state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization ) ( primary standard industrial classification code number ) ( i.r.s . detractors consider her a blight on etsy ’ s hipster cred . i was in my first job out of journalism school , and making cards and journals was a creative outlet and a way for me to score some extra money . but the online bazaar — whose wares range from whimsical knit “beard ” hats to vintage jewelry — will most likely seek much more .
gox . since willy was buying in such a recognizable pattern , i figured it would be easy to find in the mt . following his company ’ s collapse , he ’ d spent days methodically double-checking mt gox had sought bankruptcy protection , announcing that 850,000 of its bitcoins , worth some $ 473 million at the time — and representing 7 % of all bitcoins then in existence — had somehow disappeared . gox came without so much as a beep . with protesters and camera crews swarming in front of mt . japanese bankruptcy law has a particularly nasty outcome here , and i want to address this story_separator_special_tag somewhere in december 2013 , a number of traders including myself began noticing suspicious bot behavior on mt .
if pledges succeed in taking a girl home , the email tells them to “expunge . ” the fraternity ceo issued a statement saying , “the referenced email is extremely inappropriate and does not reflect the values of the phi kappa tau fraternity . in almost every one of the tips we received , the words “rape ” and “creepy ” were included . ( send them out of your room and on their way out when you are finished . ! ! i also hate theme parties . another female student said she disagreed with some students who found the email funny .
” in her letter , ms. “but where do we draw the line and stop worrying about being politically correct every second of the day and see that rape on campus isn ’ t always because people are rapists. rasmussen , who plays drums in the band , wrote . after she began to feel uncomfortable and “turn her body away so that he would not be directly ‘behind ’ her , ” he became “touchy ” and put his hands on her waist , stomach and upper thighs . warning : it ’ s pretty unsatisfying .
— trevor noah ( @trevornoah ) january 5 , 2011 and so on . — trevor noah ( @trevornoah ) june 21 , 2013 it ' s true that twitter is a space for comics to try out material that isn ' t fully baked . learn more হুম , সার্ভারে পৌঁছনোর একটি সমস্যা ছিল । পরে আবার চেষ্টা করবেন ? আপনার নীচের ওয়েবসাইটে কোডটি অনুলিপি দ্বারা এই টুইট যোগ করুন * আরও জানুন add this video to your website by copying the code below . tough choice between big mac or quarter poundher deluxe . #comedycentral — roseanne barr ( @therealroseanne ) march 31 , 2015 update ( 3 : 23 p.m.
a spokesperson at arthur de soultrait ' s fashion company , vicomte a , said this morning that the gun the driver of pippa middleton ’ s car pointed at a photographer saturday was a fake . then again , maybe she thought it was funny . and why did pippa grin as he committed this idiotic act ? plus , check out our brief history of other scandalous royal and celeb siblings . but now it appears that the excitement , which included reports that pippa middleton could face criminal charges , may have been overblown . " pippa is a party girl .
california ' s state water board recently sent nestle a letter summarizing its report . nestle said it was pleased that the report reaffirms that it holds valid rights to " a significant amount " of water . state agencies utilize their websites to publish everything from press releases , agendas , minutes , events , reports and statistics . and the water that ' s bottled comes both from springs as well as from other supplies pumped directly from groundwater or from municipal supplies . water board officials did not agree , saying that while the hotel story_separator_special_tag file - in this july 16 , 2002 , file photo , shows the warehousing area of the arrowhead water bottling plant is part of the 383,000 square foot structure in cabazon , calif.
" some of verano ' s previous discoveries in peru have revealed adults who were held captive and killed , " but usually not children , " he said . with erosion and construction disturbing the site , the villagers in huanchaquito “noticed these bones coming out of the sand. their latest excavation uncovered numerous additional sacrificial victims , which will allow for a more detailed reconstruction of this unusual event , verano said . pictures : mass grave of children , llamas found in dune the remains of 42 ancient sacrifice victims — their torn-out hearts replaced with fabric — have emerged from a seaside sand dune in peru .
she was reduced to protesting , " i ’ m not going to put my lot in with economists , " which didn ' t endear her to economists — or to anyone who actually does want policymakers to listen to economists when designing tax policy . why clinton ’ s flip-flop on trade is so unbelievable yes , hillary clinton ’ s new opposition to the trans-pacific partnership trade accord cleans up something she needed to do before next week ’ s first democratic debate . but it polls well . no one doubted that clinton knew policy inside and out ; they doubted that she would make the right calls in the face of public pressure .
updated : christopher “big black ” boykin , half of mtv ’ s “rob &amp; big ” duo , died on tuesday , his rep confirmed to variety . but chris recently posted a throwback pic of them from the show ' s heyday . before he was a tv star , boykin served in the u.s. navy . rob talked about their falling out a couple of years ago . #rip a cause of death has not yet been reported . they eventually patched things up . my heart is crushed . ' the pals got into a bunch of random adventures -- like breaking guinness world records , exorcising their house , installing an atm ...
“i apologize , that was a stupid joke somebody told me , ” she wrote . black and weak ” , mozes tweeted in english . ” that tweet was also deleted shortly after , and nir-mozes later denied having written it . in 2012 she was nominated to represent unicef , the united nations body dealing with children ’ s rights and emergency needs , in israel , and was set to join a sparkling list of royal and celebrity ambassadors that has included david beckham , sarah jessica parker , william and kate , the duke and duchess of cambridge , queen rania of jordan , shakira and sir roger moore .
” the legislation passed through the committee on the judiciary and public safety on a vote of 3-0. the full council is expected to take up the bill later this month . ’ i think it ’ s time to change that. “many 16-year-olds shoulder adult responsibilities and burdens , ” said council member charles allen , who introduced the bill in april . ” the dc office of planning estimates that there are approximately 10,400 16- and 17-year-olds in the district , with nearly 80 percent identified as youth of color . ironically , they pay fees to get a license plate that reads ‘end taxation without representation.
near the bottom of a 12-foot deposit , archaeologists discovered a layer of ash that was identified as volcanic ash from a mt . helens that has been dated to 15,800 years ago . the other is monte verde in chile . that ’ s the next step , ” he added , the university of oregon archaeological field school , in partnership with the blm and volunteers from the oregon archaeological society , will begin its fifth season this summer , offering students , researchers and volunteers invaluable field experience . donald k. st. dr. ( ap ) — archaeologists have uncovered a stone tool at an ancient rock shelter in the high desert of eastern oregon that could turn out to be older than any known site of human occupation in western north america .
in honolulu , paige was “lit up , ” she was so excited to be in hawaii . on the gofundme page , paige ’ s teachers and friends of the family remembered her , especially for her drawings . a total change of environment with new allergens that she has never experienced , 3. she looked into my eyes and screamed , and said , " mom , i ' m dying . one doctor thought she had a bronchial spasm that was similar to drowning due to the temperature of the pool . the flight , 2.
bergdahl , who is on active duty while he awaits his court martial , " was not involved " in the marijuana operation , the sheriff said , adding that bergdahl was " above politeness " as several people from the home where bergdahl was visiting were taken into custody . 24 , 2014 , the regional water board initiated an enforcement action against the plowrights for failure to comply with the provisions of the cleanup and abatement order . he shook everybody ' s hand . he thanked us all. he apparently had no connection to the dope grow .
vili fualaau has filed for legal separation from mary kay letourneau , radaronline.com has confirmed . ” according to fualaau , he ’ s made the move to protect his business interests . we also asked vili ' s lawyer if his separation petition was a prelude for divorce , but she had no comment . ! ! “everything is fine between us. story developing . they married in 2005 , and have two children . after working as a dj – dj headline – for years , fualaau is now looking to get licensed as a distributor for “cigaweed ” marijuana cigarettes , he said .
it ' s the largest amount they ' ve seen since the worst flu season in recent memory in 2014-2015. " the best way to protect children from catching the flu is to vaccinate them , williams said . as of jan. the cleveland clinic states around 930 people have been hospitalized so far this season for the flu including totals from akron general hospital . 26. rehm . however , dr. 19 , 2018 from the flu , " the family of 6-year-old emily muth posted on their gofundme page . “providers might not be able to get the specific brand or presentation they want and may need to select something else or may need to purchase vaccine from another source , ” nordlund said .
loading ... rating is available when the video has been rented . we have a cool , stoic , and determined leader . category nonprofits &amp; activism license standard youtube license show more show less loading ... the interactive transcript could not be loaded . upload your own video ! loading ... loading ... loading ... story_separator_special_tag afajp president stephen forbeck was interviewed by abc nightly news . people are watching . now is the time to change the journalism-award-giving future . 2. the word about afajp is truly spreading . while the reporter seems to be taking this grave and important issue a little less seriously than our own mr.
whether it was sponsoring a beauty pageant for tiger woods ' mistresses , hopping on conan ' s twitter bandwagon or the unfortunate passing of a close friend , here are the folks who increased their value on the fame industrial average this week . ” in two hours steve ’ s followers rocketed from 60 to more than 1,000. hurrah ! dun dun dun. “that would be really cool . in return , sarah is inviting conan to her wedding . ” guess she ’ s not that big of a fan if she hasn ’ t heard that there isn ’ t a show anymore ?
there were no signs of foul play , we ' ve learned , and there was nothing that pointed to a cause of death . brittany murphy autopsy -- ' normal ' brittany murphy autopsy -- ' normal ' tmz has learned ' s autopsy is complete . it was unclear if an underlying medical condition might have caused or contributed to her death , officials said . a law enforcement source , who declined to be named because of the ongoing investigation , said murphy suffered internal bleeding before her death . the cause of death has been " " pending other tests.sources say thewill wait for the toxicology report , as well as the histopathology ( study of her organs and tissues ) and neuropathology ( study of her brain ) .one source said the body appeared " normal .
the neanderthals who built them must have had a " project " to go so deep into a cave where there was no natural light , said jaubert . with his death , work on the bruniquel cave ceased , and its incredible contents were neglected . the structures were made from hundreds of pillar-shaped mineral deposits , called stalagmites , which were chopped to a similar length and laid out in two oval patterns up to 40 centimeters ( 16 inches ) inches high . rouzaud would never know . in april 1999 , while guiding colleagues through a different cave , he suffered a fatal heart attack .
a mexican official the canadian pop star and his entourage were asked to leave ... ( associated press ) file - in this nov. 7 , 2015 file photo , justin bieber arrives at the cannes festival palace in cannes , southeastern france . story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . the official could not specify which of the site ' s structures bieber allegedly had climbed , but said he was " asked to leave .
goodbye to all that by robert graves instead : dispatches by michael herr goodbye to all that , the autobiographical account of graves ' s time in the trenches during world war i , is entertaining and enlightening . we tried . i read it because everyone else in school was reading it but thought it was totally silly . we got halfway through infinite jest and halfway through the sparknotes on finnegans wake . ” . morris also labeled the inclusion as “just foolish and a shame. buzz60 the good book is not so good , says gq magazine .
a giant female tortoise named abuh who made a break from a japanese zoo has been found safe and sound two weeks after she escaped - just 140 metres from the park . but that bit of math assumes she didn ’ t didn ’ t stop to sleep at night , or take the time during the day to eat and cool down . their plan proved a success when a sharp-eyed local bounty hunter spotted the roaming reptile in nearby shrubbery . advertisement all that said , abuh is now back in the hands of her handlers and doing quite well , munching on pears and watermelons as if nothing happened .
” the airport study was carried out during and after peak passenger density at the airport by a method which detects genetic material from viruses on surfaces and in the air . those crowded waiting areas ? interestingly , no respiratory viruses were found on toilet surfaces . " people can help to minimize contagion by hygienic hand washing and coughing into a handkerchief , tissue or sleeve at all times but especially in public places . the findings add weight to previous studies showing that microbes are commonly found on surfaces in public transport vehicles and will strengthen public health advice in preparation for future flu pandemics .
we believe that some of the photos that bob ’ s studio has belong to walmart . huff . huff , owners ofin fayetteville and both now deceased , photographed members of the walton family from 1950 to 1994 in their studio . read the full story : your typical copyright infringement involves one photographer stealing another photographer ' s images , or reproducing copyrighted images without permission . but in this case , it ' s the largest retailer in the world bullying a small arkansas studio . " if there were ever a huff and his son , david a.
" one such exchange appears to have possibly played a role in the tensions between then- white house communications director anthony scaramucci , who resigned from his job earlier today , and since-fired white house chief of staff reince priebus . the emails were shared with cnn by the email prankster . an dtriailfidh tú arís é ? you are right there . should be a great evening . particularly othello . a man would apologize. we all do . my family is fine by the way and will thrive . " bossert wrote back : " thanks , jared .
the link to sea level rise is clear . abstract we assess the relationship between temperature and global sea-level ( gsl ) variability over the common era through a statistical metaanalysis of proxy relative sea-level reconstructions and tide-gauge data . sea level then increased for 400 y at a rate of 0.6 mm/y , followed by a further period of stable , or slightly falling , sea level that persisted until the late 19th century . 29 , 2015 in miami beach , fla. but that is what collaborators and i have attempted to do in a new analysis .
" west hopes that people who hear about his accomplishment will be inspired to believe that nothing is impossible . the toronto-based 31-year-old reached the summit of mt . " he graduated from college and landed a well-paying job as an operations manager for a salon and spa . " even before kilimanjaro , west had already overcome so much . spencer west spencer west lost his legs when he was 5. elevation : 19,300 feet . " it ' s literally climbing the largest mountain on africa on your hands , " he said . i ' m only reminded of that when i ' m out in public .
, sheriff ' s office released a 57-page log obtained by usa today that recorded zimmerman ' s activity last year and this year while he was connected to a gps system via ankle monitor . the seminole county , fla. the log also says that zimmerman regularly had complaints about the discomfort of the device , which authorities would then adjust . on aug. george zimmerman reacts after a not guilty verdict was handed down in his trial . civil rights organizations and members of the public have been pushing for attorney general eric holder to pursue civil rights violations .
" view full image iowa department of public safety a ' txtng kills ' thumb band being handed out by iowa police . , whose " x the txt " campaign has persuaded more than 100,000 people to pledge to stop texting while driving since last november . next year , fines will kick in . seriously , have you ever seen a kid in a d.a.r.e . greene said . hey , take a picture of me driving with this thing on so i can tweet that shit . ' " the state ordered 30,000 of the bands and plans to order another 30,000.
" this is the only legislation that can avert a government shutdown , and that time is ticking as we speak . “people are worrying right now about whether their paychecks are going to be delayed , rather than focusing fully on their mission. 15 , 1995 , file photo , a u.s. park service police officer stands in front of closed signs at the lincoln memorial in washington , during a partial shutdown of the federal government . question : will the entire government come to a standstill if a deal isn ' t reached ? advertisement senate democrats , however , say boehner will be responsible for shutting down the government if he makes any changes to the stopgap bill that the senate passed on friday .
“their relationship was bipolar , ” says lomas . “they were planning an intervention and taking her to l.a. lomas was reportedly rushed to a nearby mississippi hospital , where he later passed away . lomas was the one who pulled brown out of the bathtub and administered cpr with her partner , nick gordon , until help arrived . ” but now , “i ’ m able to process things. “[ bobby ] hurt his own daughter , not me , ” said gordon . we started using again. she had such a beautiful heart.
so it ’ s probably unsurprising that i found a group of students at gs with whom i ’ m comfortable being my whole self . in a 2014 op-ed in the huffington post , davis condemned the sexual exploitation of children . at least not enough for me , " davis said . correction : a previous version of this article incorrectly stated that davis was nominated for the nobel peace prize in 2015. khadija.hussain@columbiaspectator.com &#124; @columbiaspec story_separator_special_tag at general studies , life experience — however disturbing or exceptional — is de rigueur .
" that was a true exorcism , " he said of francis ' prayer . in this image made from video provided by aptn , pope francis lays his hands on the head of a young man on sunday , may 19 , 2013 , after celebrating mass in st. the vatican was more cautious . peter ’ s square . juan rivas . but as he often does for the sick or suffering , he simply intended to pray for someone who was suffering who was presented to him . " exorcisms aren ' t just done according to the rules of the ritual .
according to passengers , the flight attendant was subdued by passengers , and the plane , flight 2332 , which was about to take off for chicago , was returned to the gates . he and several of we apologize for any inconvenience to our customers and we appreciate their patience and understanding . ) below is a screen-grab from this site . it doesn ' t add much . two flight attendants were taken to local hospitals for treatment . here ' s a flight-tracker site where you can watch the aircraft ' s progress ( or , for that matter , the progress of any domestic flight.
rahm emanuel : in government ? and that ' s a -- you know , not all stories are like that . charlie rose : mayor of chicago . the mayoral election is next february , and daley is expected to seek re-election . emanuel moved his family -- wife amy and three children -- to washington last year and enrolled his kids in local schools . though he would have tremendous fund-raising ability , emanuel would also have some competition . " story_separator_special_tag view more news videos at : http://www.nbcchicago.com/video . i mean , i love what i ' m doing .
" we were able to locate which aircraft he was on , actually to the point of which seat he was on . they ' re wrong . they do it every day , " wiest said . we have sent you a verification email . the storm gave agents enough time to arrest him . story_separator_special_tag just one more thing ... © 2017 cox media group . by : dave huddleston updated : apr 14 , 2017 - 12 : 07 am atlanta - local federal agents arrested a man who is accused of abusing a child , and made the arrest just before he tried to get out of the country .
" and it ' s also that gillibrand , like many on her side of the aisle , is no enemy of wall street . " in that capacity , she has taken over the mantle from the senior senator from new york , stalwart liberal democrat charles schumer , who has had to temper his devotion to wall street now that he has become " more of a national democratic leader , " new york ' s capital web site reported in february . bullfeathers . how could they not feel warmly toward one of their own ? wall street is certainly not wasting any money on that lost cause .
) , the runner-up in the democratic primaries , sharply questioned kaine ’ s liberal bona fides , pointing to kaine ’ s support of trade deals and regulations favorable to big banks . clinton said . but one constituency breathed a sigh of relief : wall street . clinton nodded solemnly and hardly spoke , an implicit contrast with mr. clinton blasted the bleak vision of america presented by her republican rival . he “vote your conscience. bernie sanders ( i-vt. timothy m. virginia sen. tim kaine received praise for his wide-ranging experience , even as many delegates acknowledged that he would not generate the level of enthusiasm or party unity as a progressive or first-ever latino pick .
starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
why is cuccinelli going all mitch albom on osama bin laden ? " he drops a large weight on osama ' s knee . as osama awaits his journey to his final very hot destination , he screams " this is not what i was promised ! how much would i give to be one of the 72 virginans osama is ' hanging out ' with since sunday ? story_separator_special_tag richmond attorney general ken cuccinelli was reminded of the political pitfalls of social media wednesday when twitter and some online news sites went wild over a tweet he sent about the death of osama bin laden .
a six-member medical board , formed yesterday to discuss bangladeshi tree man , abul bajandar ' s treatment , decided to start a multi-stage plastic surgery on the patient ' s hands in about three weeks . dr sen said ansar members would be deployed today to control the crowd . but those medicines only worsened my condition . " he also consulted doctors in neighbouring india , but he and his family could not afford the cost of the operation there . " after that i went to a village homeopath and herbal specialist . and there are some small ones in my legs , " said bajandar who was forced to quit working as a bicycle puller .
" i ' m trying to help out the greatest living artist of our time while he ' s in need , " piatt told mashable in an email . and humans have bills to pay . please pray we overcome ... gofundme , let us unite ! walt disney . nike . google . share tweet 300k shares on facebook shares on facebook story_separator_special_tag add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . to quote mr. west ' s financial woes are so bad , he publicly begged two tech billionaires for cash .
the $ 5 cap means there ’ s probably a limit to how much play amazon will get out of the promotion , but i imagine that it could be worth it to them if they manage build up more awareness around their price check app . additionally , not all mobile shopping technology has to hurt stores , as companies like shopkick are trying to use smartphones to augment the in-store experience . [ image via shutterstock , artjazz ] amazon generally has lower prices anyways , so this is just the cherry on top . not long after wrapping up their string of black friday/cyber monday deals , amazon has pulled back the curtain on yet another way they ’ ll be snagging purchases away from physical retail outlets .
" " on those days , the streets were washed by blood while the air was filled by dogs ' desperate howls , " said an online participant who posted pictures and videos . last april , a man spotted a truck on a beijing highway that was packed with more than 500 dogs being shipped to slaughterhouses that supply restaurants in northern china . what was once slated for the pantry is now housed in a playpen . the dog meat festival , held in the wucheng district of jinhua in zhejiang province , is part of an annual three-day temple fair .
marco rubio gave a 2,600-odd-word response to president obama ' s state of the union address . " contributing : susan davis http://usat.ly/ucaqqg story_separator_special_tag your reaction ? " in recognition of his social-media moment , rubio took to twitter as well and posted a photo of the small bottle of water . " garrett jackson , who was gop presidential candidate mitt romney ' s " body man " during the 2012 campaign , blamed the incident on poor staff work . oops ! some republicans sympathized with rubio ' s plight . #rubio #sotu .
president donald trump announced in a tweet that sessions ' chief of staff matt whitaker would become the new acting attorney general . he was a key figure in implementing trump ' s vision for america and significantly rolled back obama-era policies on immigration , police reform and civil rights . sessions for recusing himself from the inquiry into alleged russian interference ... trump says he ' d " love to take the sanctions off " but north korea has to make concessions , too . republicans passed a massive tax cut package last year . trump regularly expressed displeasure with mr.
south korean president kim dae-jung met kim jong un ' s father and predecessor , kim jong il , in pyongyang in 2000 for the first inter-korean summit . pompeo has been quick to note north korea has not tested any weapons since november , when it fired a long-range ballistic missile experts believe could be capable of hitting the united states with a nuclear warhead . kokobj@yna.co.kr ( end ) " what ' s very important is that both governments do all they ought to do regarding progressing all the issues on the agenda , " ri said .
the release states that the affidavits will call on a judge to issue arrest warrants for the two officers involved . late monday , mcginty ' s office issued a statement in response to a new york times report about the group ' s plans . police shot and killed tamir rice last november . while these ambulance chasers continue to demand police officers be “held accountable ” for their actions they are seemingly never content with that accountability . 22 shooting outside cudell recreation center . county prosecutor timothy j. dr. rev . this is yet another attempt to totally disrespect and disregard our justice system .
detectives found the woman , who lives in san diego county , at a friend ’ s house , said san diego police sgt . she was interviewed , and a car that “may have been involved ” in the crash was impounded . the victim suffered major trauma to his chest and died later at a hospital , sullivan said . lyndsay.winkley@sduniontribune.com tim underwood . she then ran over him and drove off , police said . we are still evaluating the other parties culpability , if any , in this collision . soon after midnight on sunday , a woman at the party decided to leave .
countess sofya , married to the old man for 48 years and the mother of his 13 children , is beside herself over her husband ' s decision — in the last year of his life — to will the rights to his great literary works not to her but to , of all things , the russian people . ) tolstoy ( mr. plummer ' s portrayal . i find it rapturous and perfect . this one is for you . it never keeps the audience at a distance . the incomparable mirren is simply astounding . a scene from " the last sation , " a new biographical film about leo tolstoy starring christopher plummer and hellen mirren .
" she said . " hey gawker , i hope a one-day seo term victory is worth the sleaziest piece of s --- story in memory , " wrote slate ' s dave weigel . but i told her it was fine and she was welcome to use our place to get ready . just throw something on ! and both of them were pretty tipsy . she barely spoke all night . anybody that says there isn ' t a double standard for how the media treats women versus men running for office isn ' t living in reality .
image copyright is video islamic state militants have released a video , featuring a man and young boy speaking with british accents , purportedly showing the killing of five men who it says were spying for the uk . " another hostage says " don ' t let them fool you like they fooled us . britain began launching airstrikes against isil positions in syria last month . 3 , 2016. but bbc world service middle east editor alan johnston says they appear to be " speaking under the most extraordinary duress " and " may be entirely innocent " .
we ' re not leaving town until we restore these defense cuts . i would literally use the military to keep them in if i had to . is senator graham announcing his plans for a self-coup ? graham ' s proposal is so astonishing that it ' s pretty much impossible to believe that ' s what he really meant . and it was the senate policing itself , and thus did not violate the separation of powers . in brief audio obtained by benswann.com , sen. there is no universe in which this is remotely legal behavior maybe graham was just joking ( he sounded serious ) or just speaking figuratively to make a point about his determination to restore cut military funding ( okay , but weird way to do it ) .
it ’ s a bit difficult to watch . the decision to discipline solo came after she called the swedish team " a bunch of cowards " after they eliminated the united states in the quarterfinals of the rio olympics . start your free trial now at http://full.sc/keepingscoretrailer subscribe : http://full.sc/subscribe about fullscreen : we make shows ! not just a suspension. effective immediately . ps . terminated contract . solo ’ s episode of keeping score will air september 2 . we ' re fresher than the last taco you ate , so we want you to join us and help us build a special community .
the ship was completed in 1860. because the ship lies inside an important sea turtle breeding area , it ’ s not likely that it will be salvaged . smalls ' mother was a slave in the home of a man named john k. noaa officials resurrected the planter search in 2008. ) [ see images of the planter and shipwreck site ] audacious plan robert smalls , who piloted the planter to freedom during the civil war . thank you for your input ! he eventually was elected to congress . story_separator_special_tag view of south end of cape island in cape romain national wildlife refuge in south carolina .
flores , 56 , who was among the best jockeys in pennsylvania history , died thursday , march 22 , 2018 , of injuries suffered in a racing accident , parx racing said in a statement . what else would i do ? parx called flores an " outstanding jockey " and expressed condolences to his family . rip . and was reportedly going for the magic number of 5,000. flores had compiled 4,650 wins across 3 decades in the sport ... ( associated press ) in this sept. he was the top career earner at parx , formerly known as philadelphia park .
” in 2015 , he tackled the issues of human trafficking and gang violence when he directed the videos for his tracks “for a better day ” and “pure grinding. avicii suicide by broken glass ... two sources tell us the point of injury was avicii ' s neck but another strongly denies that , saying it was his wrist . something his parents alluded to last week . tmz has learned . the swedish dj quit touring in 2016 after life on the road seriously impacted his health . avicii also worked with a host of big names outside of the edm ( electronic dance music ) world , namely coldplay , robbie williams , rita ora , lenny kravitz and leona lewis .
” why was brian christopher in jail ? wwe extends its condolences to lawler ’ s family , friends and fans. in june , christopher was arrested for allegedly not having the funds to cover a hotel bill at the hampton inn in memphis , tennessee , according to tmz sports . brian c. i miss you forever pic.twitter.com/pp7zgqrdnb story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . wwe says his career spanned the better part of 40 years and featured showdowns with wrestlers such as hulk hogan . slaughter and bruno sammartino . my partner .
now , the city has capped the tax waiver at hk$ 97,500 ( $ 12,500 ) on private evs , and is only applicable to first-time owners . ’ s sales in hong kong came to a standstill after authorities slashed a tax break for electric vehicles on april 1 , demonstrating how sensitive the company ’ s performance can be to government incentive programs . story_separator_special_tag tesla inc. in 2015 , new registrations for evs in hong kong grew almost three times from 2014 , tesla said . ” as interest in tesla starts to wane in hong kong , the company has set its sights firmly on mainland china , where it plans to establish a manufacturing facility which would allow tesla to dodge import taxes that are as high as 50 % of the vehicle ’ s price .
i don ' t know why it matters , but it does , " one facebook user wrote in response to that post . we only want what ' s best for the brand and our customers . the new yorker ' s big-haired , big-brained and big-mouthed columnist argued in a recent article that ' the revolution will not be tweeted ' . in 2006 he was demonstrating his inability to grasp blogging . tsk tsk . @newgaplogo has been responding to complaints . even gladwell acknowledges that . gap inc. and two twitter accounts were born from the snafu .
we ' re told simpson was angry at hotel staff and glasses broke at the bar . " cosmopolitan exercised its right to issue a trespass notice . simpson ' s lawyer , malcolm lavergne , said the simpson was banned from the cosmopolitan hotel , according to the associated press . tmz reports that las vegas police were contacted just after midnight on thursday about an a drunk and disorderly guest at the cosmopolitan hotel . story_separator_special_tag o.j . check out the pic below of simpson strolling through the hotel wednesday night . yep , oj simpson pic.twitter.com/ginaby6zwk — brian munz ( @brianmunztsn ) november 9 , 2017 security showed up and removed simpson from the hotel .
( associated press ) a tornado forms near banner road and praire circle in el reno , okla. photos : severe weather hits midwest again photos : severe weather hits midwest again severe weather hits midwest again – crews haul away a mangled truck on sunday , june 2 , that storm chasers tim samaras , his son paul samaras and carl young were using to track the tornado that hit el reno , oklahoma . five victims had not been identified . ( ap photo/the oklahoman , jim beckel ) local stations ... emergency officials set out saturday morning to see how much damage a violent burst of thunderstorms and tornadoes ...
peña nieto even contended that trump ’ s hot-blooded rhetoric about mexicans has been , in some cases , “misinterpretations. ___ 4 : 35 p.m. republican donald trump is calling his surprise visit to mexico city wednesday a ' great honor . ' and he says the nations share a common interest in keeping the hemisphere safe and prosperous . story_separator_special_tag " my job is to protect mexicans wherever they are , and i will continue to do that , " peña nieto told trump , the two men standing at lecterns on a stage with one flag , mexico ' s .
trump ’ s sons , eric and donald jr. story_separator_special_tag “if me winning means rosie o ' donnell moves to canada , i ' d be doing a great service to our country ! his company also created a parody porn specifically targeting trump where the billionaire searches for a running mate , the donald . ” the view ’ s whoopi goldberg said , “i don ’ t think that ’ s america . evan stone stars with britney amber . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . " 2.
nalmefene is for people who are concerned about their drinking , have tried to cut down , have been given brief advice/counselling by their doctor and are still regularly drinking more than low-risk levels . data released yesterday for scotland , where nalmefene was approved for use in october last year , show that only 53 people were prescribed the drug in 2013/14 . however , the actual figure might prove to be lower . “when used alongside psychosocial support nalmefene is clinically and cost effective for the nhs compared with psychosocial support alone. ” professor jonathan chick , a medical adviser for drinkaware , said : “two glasses of wine per day is not by any definition ‘mild alcoholism ’ .
a document obtained from the maricopa county recorder ' s office shows that five polling places in metro phoenix still ... people wait in line to vote in the primary tuesday , march 22 , 2016 , in chandler , ariz. mendez didn ' t vote for until just after 10 p.m. secretary of state michele reagan certified the official canvass monday and said she had no authority to do anything except sign off on the election . — — — 2 : 10 p.m. the u.s. justice department is inquiring about long lines and other problems seen during arizona ' s presidential primary to evaluate whether the largest county in the state complied with voting rights laws .
golden boy ’ s $ 25 million offer will serve as the opening bid . " our fleet picks up rescued food from hundreds of locations weekly and brings it back to the food bank , " she said . in a courtroom auction last thursday with its price of $ 20.05 million . coll said sunland has about $ 21 million in secured debt , plus another $ 2.5 million in administrative claims and an estimated $ 40 million in unsecured claims . north carolina-based peanut processor hampton farms had outbid calif.-based ready roast nut co. other than destruction .
story_separator_special_tag courtesy maine department of transportation &#124; bdn courtesy maine department of transportation &#124; bdn by callie ferguson , bdn staff • may 25 , 2018 4 : 05 pm updated : may 26 , 2018 8 : 12 am here they are : the winning submissions to the state department of transportation ’ s “my maine sign ” contest , where contest hopefuls vied to get their safety-themed message on one of the flashing highway signs that line maine ’ s interstates . items ) wildlife winter driving events ( i.e .
story highlights police on mackinac island are investigating an incident involving aides for sen. " any time you ' re at a bar past midnight things seem to get misconstrued as to what happened , " riccinto said . the clarkston man who threw the punch was arrested and convicted . this will play out in the national media in the next few hours . in 2003 , at the detroit regional chamber ' s annual policy conference on mackinac island , u.s. rep. http://on.freep.com/1kke4xe follow him on twitter@paulegan4 . rand paul of kentucky .
she says she responded to an ad on the nycastings.com website , " seeking models for ' family photos , ' " and that neither she nor her daughters were paid a dime for it - though they did get copies of the photos . " tricia fraser sued life always and majella cares dba heroic media , in new york county court . " ms. the photo was taken when anissa was 4 years old . through this media coverage , which defendants anticipated , intended , and sought , anissa ' s image was widely disseminated throughout the world
“the committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments and will provide additional accommodation as needed to promote a stronger economic recovery and sustained improvement in labor market conditions in a context of price stability , ” it said . , at the end of august . instead , the fed repeated that it would likely hold that rate steady until late 2014. read text of fomc decision . it fell 37.62 points , also 0.29 percent , to 12,971.06. joe lavorgna , chief economist at deutsche bank , welcomed the fed ’ s inaction .
“the chancellor was clear on sunday that uk personnel will be compensated in full . " an raf flight left for cyprus this afternoon with one million euros on board as a contingency measure to provide military personnel and their families with emergency loans , " the spokesman said in a statement to afp . the mod said it is determined to minimise the impact of cyprus ' banking problems on “our people ” and it will consider further shipments if required . ” the position of more than 3,000 british service personnel was thrown into doubt yesterday when treasury minister greg clark only went as far as saying that they would not suffer “unreasonable losses ” as a result of the planned levy .
more frequent consumption of these products was not associated with extra heartbeats . the report challenges a widely held belief that caffeinated drinks cause irregular heart rhythms that can lead to heart failure or dangerous heart rhythm disorders and is another vindication for coffee as a safe drink . instead , those behind the study suggest we could be harming ourselves by steering people away from the potential health benefits . the researchers found no differences in the number of pacs ( premature atrial contractions ) or pvcs ( premature ventricular contractions ) per hour across levels of coffee , tea and chocolate consumption .
during the time they were at stutthof , hundreds of killings occurred . under german law , meisel could join prosecutors as a “co-plaintiff ” in the case . the charges , made possible by new german legal guidance allowing the prosecution of former nazis who can ’ t be tied to specific killings , represent a new and vital chapter for survivors like meisel . a dortmund prosecutor told the associated press this month that both men denied knowing anything about the killings at the camp . judy ' s mother died in the gas chamber at stutthof concentration camp on the baltic coast in late 1944 or early 1945.
the ' ndrangheta are said to be the biggest cocaine smugglers in europe . three sheets of note paper , that carried a hand-written message , were discovered alongside weapons and ammunition . the document sheds a little light on the quasi-mystical aura that the mafiosi like to create when they take in new recruits , our correspondent adds . " its content is basically the formula that a person must recite to become part of the ' ndrangheta , " mr cortese said . the ' ndrangheta is now reckoned to be italy ' s most powerful mafia , having overtaken sicily ' s cosa nostra .
boeing spokesman marc birtel said in an email that the company had personnel on the ground at heathrow and " is working to fully understand and address " the situation . ethiopian airlines was the first airline to resume using the 787 , with a flight on april 27 from ethiopia ' s capital of addis ababa to nairobi , kenya , after the battery incidents . london fire brigade said its crews assisted heathrow staff . check back soon for further information . this is a breaking news update . british police said the fire is being treated as unexplained .
( ap photo/david goldman ) ( associated press ) police stand outside the emanuel ame church following a shooting wednesday , june 17 , 2015 , in charleston , s.c. properties of this collection . video to see a video of the rev . he tries not to glance at his cell phone clock . turned off duplicate detection . state rep. andrews regional branch manager for the charleston county public library system . it remains the oldest . the original runs were just against the enwiki . the u.s. justice department is investigating the killings as a hate crime .
( associated press ) turkey ' s asli cakir alptekin celebrates her gold medal in the women ' s 1500-meter during the athletics in the olympic stadium at the 2012 summer olympics , london , friday , aug. ( ap photo/anja ... ) advertisement ( click prev or next to continue viewing images. nellum says he ' s " humbled by this incredible privilege . 7 , 2012 .... 9 , 2012 . 10 , four years later , he ' s an olympic medalist . ( associated press ) file - in this aug. " nellum was selected flagbearer by other members of the u.s. olympic team in london .
bilden was an intelligence officer in the army reserve from 1986-1996. learn more story_separator_special_tag president trump ’ s nominee for secretary of the navy withdrew from consideration on sunday , saying that meeting the government ’ s ethics guidelines would require too great a financial sacrifice . viola cited his inability to successfully navigate the confirmation process and defense department rules concerning family businesses . just last week , the pentagon sought to tamp down reports that bilden might pull out . tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
! ! that night , in a fun-filled shopping spree together , i was able to share in chauncy ' s life , learn his story , and for at least one night , help him with his struggle.chauncy lives in memphis with his disabled mother . all because of the love of strangers . can you imagine ? no beds ; absolutely nothing . chauncy jones black is 15. chauncy has big dreams . it starts small . story_separator_special_tag a gofundme photo for an account raising money for chauncy jones . until then , he says he likes mowing lawns .
” but something is still needed to organize the flurry of products , activities and side deals that now constitute an artist ’ s business , and most often that role is filled by an album , no matter what the cost . in the customer ’ s mind it ’ s worth 99 cents. win-win ! “i don ’ t think it sends a good message , ” mr. ; “it became : ‘we ’ ll put a flag in that date well in advance . , said that his shops sold about half as many copies of “born this way ” as he had expected .
president trump has promised to deport 2 to 3 million immigrants with criminal records , but immigration experts say that while the department of homeland security estimates there are 1.9 million " removable criminal aliens " in the united states , only about 690,000 are in this country illegally and have been convicted of a felony or serious misdemeanor . ... 26 executive order expanding the priorities for enforcement . preliminary reports from southern california give an indication of the scope of the ice operations . many hispanic advocates feel that the garcia de rayos case shows the trump administration will aggressively pursue all undocumented immigrants .
using a drug injected into the stomachs of mice through a mouth tube , they flipped a cellular switch from " off " to " on " to prevent neurons dying . ” in debilitating brain diseases like alzheimer ' s , the production of new proteins in the brain is shut down by a build-up of “misfolded proteins ” or amyloids . five weeks after treatment one group of mice remained free of symptoms such as memory loss , impaired reflexes and limb dragging . but experts said the findings were highly significant . “it ' s the first time a substance has been given to mice that prevents brain disease .
maple match is very real . — maple match is a new dating website that will help americans hook up with canadians . “our side [ of ] this ‘town ’ happens to have a megalomaniac trying to seize power , so we ’ re naturally concerned. " unfortunately , there ' s a waiting list right now . i ' m obviously already on it , because like hell am i missing out on the chance to meet a bieber or drake-level piece of hot canadian ass . " " people ask me all the time if maple match is joke , " maple match ceo joe goldman told cosmopolitan.com .
leonardo dicaprio made over $ 25 million for his performance , while jonah hill – who wanted to be in the movie so badly he agreed to work for the union minimum – only took home $ 60,000 . video : top 5 highest-paid actors of 2014 ashton kutcher makes the average american ' s salary every 60 seconds tv stars can make bank ! ” a mole told star a few years ago . here are 12 of the most surprising things we learned from the report … robert downey jr. maybe her habit will change because she ’ s had a new baby ?
related : trump ' weighed in ' on son ' s misleading statement about russia meeting at the time , the white house confirmed that trump had " weighed in " as the response to the times report was drafted aboard air force one on july 8 as the president returned to the u.s. from the g20 meeting in germany . i asked jared and paul to stop by . johns county south to volusia , has yet to file for re-election . story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . which is the month trump announced his presidential bid .
the spirit bear is the marquee species for a region that ' s also crowded with whales , wolves and eagles . " they want to bring big oil to this coast , " mcallister said . " it is a swat team of photographers that are deployed to an area that needs immediate media attention , " said the organization ' s president , cristina mittermeier . ... helen clifton , a tribal elder , said the elders strongly oppose the pipeline . last month , one of the company ' s pipelines in suburban chicago started to leak .
emperor penguins are heavily dependent on sea ice for their livelihoods , and , therefore , are sensitive to changes in sea ice concentration ( sic ) . such a listing could impose restrictions on tourism and fishing companies . " the emperor penguin is currently under consideration for inclusion under the us endangered species act . they provide our understanding of the role sea the study was conducted by lead author stephanie jenouvrier , a biologist with the woods hole oceanographic institution ( whoi ) , and colleagues at the centre d ' etudes biologiques de chizé ( french centre national de la recherche scientifique ) , the national center for atmospheric research , the cooperative institute for research in environmental sciences , and the university of amsterdam .
south sudan ' s military battled rebels in the streets of the key northern oil town of malakal wednesday , the army said , as conflict in the world ' s newest nation entered its second month . " this is not over yet , " aguer said . " south sudan has been gripped by violence since december 15 , when clashes broke out between army units loyal to south sudanese president salva kiir and those supporting ex-vice president riek machar . some 9,000 civilians have recently arrived at a un base in malakal , almost doubling the number of people seeking shelter there , our correspondent says .
that agreement stipulates that quintanilla , jr. ” “the petition states mr. ” story_separator_special_tag selena quintanilla and chris perez ' s love story might not make it to tv . is the only person with ownership and all proprietary rights in the name , voice , signature , photograph , and likeness of selena . singh . perez was married to the star from 1992 until she was murdered in 1995. he doesn ' t have the rights to publish a book or produce a television series based in any part on selena , ” says quintanilla estate attorney simran a.
these days , the closest i come to public performance is at a neighborhood karaoke bar in new york . and he is still . new york review of books editor ian buruma departs amid outrage over essay read more in an interview with the dutch magazine vrij nederland , the writer and academic said he had been “convicted on twitter , without any due process ” . he is about to write a resignation letter to publisher/owner rea . and now i myself am publicly pilloried. ghomeshi was acquitted in march 2016 of four counts of sexual assault and one count of choking involving three women and later signed a peace bond after apologizing to a fourth woman that saw another story_separator_special_tag the boy crisis : why our boys are struggling and what we can do about it by warren farrell and john gray healing from hate : how young men get into — and out of — violent extremism by michael kimmel white american youth : my descent into america ’ s most violent hate movement — and how i got out by christian picciolini
in addition to the “chick nonfiction ” line , brinkley refers to kantor as “a reportorial wunderkind ” who had “gumption , ” implying that she is green . properties of this collection . it has been several years since the last time we did this . these files are currently not publicly accessible . some people most definitely won ’ t . turned off duplicate detection . the original runs were just against the enwiki . while the obamas ’ primary subject is the marriage itself , kantor is a white house reporter for the times , and the book broke several bits of news concerning michelle obama ’ s frustration with a perceived failure to enact her husband ’ s agenda — particularly with regard to health care and immigration reform — and her indirect conflict with chief of staff rahm emanuel and press secretary robert gibbs .
story_separator_special_tag the controversy over president donald trump ' s abrupt firing of fbi director james comey has threatened to slow or even stall republicans ’ policy agenda on capitol hill . the bombshell that shook washington this week has further strained a slow-moving senate schedule that is void of any major legislative achievement . ... joe at their conference lunch on thursday , which was supposed to again focus on health care , sen. richard blumenthal , d-conn. bob corker , r-tenn. the quote , per comey ' s memo : " i hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting flynn go .
demi tweeted last night that she ' s taking suggestions for a new screen name -- her current one is @mrskutcher . click the gallery to see her sexiest twitpics , and let us know your thoughts in the comments . demi hadn ’ t tweeted since jan. ” she also posted a pic of herself resting in bed , as seen above . following their sunday night rendevous in studio city , they reportedly went back to ashton ’ s hollywood hills home . what do you think ? story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
gan ' s death and other incidents prompted the state dental commission in december to suspend patel ' s license pending a months-long review of his practice and permanently ban him from performing conscious sedation . rashmi patel turned himself in tuesday night after a warrant for his arrest was issued , chief carl sferrazza said . records indicate that patel intended to do 20 tooth extractions . 24. 17 2014. " dr. patel followed the standard of care . according to a four-count statement of administrative charges filed against patel , with gan in his office that day , the dentist failed to " properly respond to j.g .
that title suggests a show that ’ s setting a high bar for booking celebrities with name recognization and letterman ’ s first guest certainly qualifies : the show will launch with the first post-presidency tv talk show interview with barack obama . i don ' t get this . does he have kids ? " i ' m tired of people saying , ' can you believe he … ' and ' oh , my god , what has he done … . ... if dennis rodman goes over there , i ought to be over there . " i think i have insight now that heretofore i did not have , " letterman told thr of why he wants to talk to trump .
to the people of northeastern congo , pastor marrion was both a saint and a hero , providing shelter to the hunted and hope to a community withered by violence . " i don ' t feel in my heart that i should die now , " he told nbc news . pastor marrion p ' udongo earned his nickname for saving nearly 100 people from murderous militiamen in 2003 — but that was only one of his many acts of courage . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to .
with prince william at her side , kate remains in a london hospital with the rare condition that impacts 2 percent of pregnant women , abc news reported , leading to weight loss and dehydration . photos : kate middleton makes vanity fair ’ s international best-dressed list ladbrokes ’ jessica bridge explained why elizabeth was the favorite of all prospective names . ohio ob/gyn dr. as for gender , hill has odds of 10/11 for either male or female . she told the network that kate ’ s symptoms — nausea and vomiting — are “traditionally thought [ of as ] a sign of a healthy pregnancy.
" this is a victory for uganda . the bill has been condemned by world leaders since it was mooted in 2009 - us president barack obama called it " odious " . after the vote , ugandan gay story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption gay rights campaigner claire byarugaba : " we would rather stay and fight but we know that people in power are way too powerful " uganda ' s parliament has passed a bill to toughen the punishment for homosexual acts to include life imprisonment in some cases . the challenge is enforcement .
he told investigators that his correspondence with the woman was superficial when in fact the purpose of the contacts was to set up a meeting between russian leaders story_separator_special_tag an advisor to president donald trump ' s campaign pleaded guilty on oct. papadopoulos is cooperating with mueller ’ s prosecution team , according to a plea agreement released monday . and men and women of good faith on both sides made their stand where their conscience had to make their stand. 1001 ( a ) ( 2 ) . paul j. u.s. v. manafort , jr.
a police report is usually inadmissible ( not accepted as valid ) in court because it is considered hearsay . medical treatment and therapy may last much longer than you anticipate , so make sure that you preserve all medical records . a police report will contain helpful information such as the date , weather conditions , time and location of the personal injury incident . tips@mediaite.com read more about what to do following an accident here . once a police report has been created you may obtain one by requesting it from the police department . the full list of arizona hearsay exceptions provides additional opportunities for evidence to be admitted .
the nations have also agreed to form a joint north and south korean women ' s ice hockey team for the games in pyeongchang , which begin early next month , south korea ' s unification ministry said . " reaction to news of a joint it was last used in 2006 at the winter olympics in italy . the committee said wednesday it had received a number of " interesting proposals " that it would discuss with delegates from both countries in switzerland on saturday . 25 , according to the joint statement . “it would have a significant meaning if the south and north show reconciliation and unity , for example through a joint march ” .
it ' s buzzfeed. at its core , merry jane is a lifestyle media site with cannabis at the center . the other thing they share is that they both have invested millions in reddit , and have contributed to the site ' s recent $ 50 million intake from an a-list of investors , according to the independent . ) akon this konvicted rapper revealed that he owns a diamond mine in africa . snoop noted that the site will be enlisting celebrities that are “down with the team ” including seth rogen and miley cyrus .
president trump on tuesday touted north korea ' s untapped property market potential , and said one benefit north korea would see if it opens up its economy could be placing the " best hotel in the world " on its coastline . story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . wouldn ' t that make a great condo ? [ related : trump emerges from ' very good ' private meeting with kim ] trump is expected to leave singapore at 7 p.m. local time .
story_separator_special_tag trump ’ s inaugural speech : what experts say to look for washington — having smashed convention at every step of his unorthodox path to the presidency , donald trump will stand before the world friday as heir to a 228-year tradition handed down from george washington , in a setting steeped in the most cherished rituals of american democracy . prominent faith leaders like catholic cardinal timothy dolan and the reverend franklin graham will also be there . bush . , with a musical prelude beforehand . security gates will open at 6 a.m. tickets were distributed by members of congress and the inaugural committee .
joseph mcwilliams surged in and swatted brandon mclaren ' s 35-yard try with 2 : 14 remaining to preserve the tigers ' edge . the kick capped a 13-play drive and followed a dropped 6-yard pass in the end zone by atkinson on third down . it ’ s grambling ’ s 15th black college football national championship ; the tigers trail all-time leader tennessee state by just one title . that pushed back the extra point attempt , which grambling blocked — and the subsequent onside attempt failed as well . north carolina central : despite being a two-touchdown underdog , the eagles played even with grambling state , posting a shutout in the first half .
“he doesn ' t have a clue how this thing works , ” rogers said on abc ’ s “this week ” of greenwald . and she has defended the nsa program , saying it has helped thwart terrorist attacks . ) have criticized the initiatives for reaching too far into americans ’ privacy . mccain repairs to a television studio in washington to hold forth . but civil libertarians such as sens . senate intelligence committee chairwoman dianne feinstein ( d-calif. mr. ” the california democrat held a classified session on the program on capitol hill last thursday , which was attended by 27 senators .
bud ' s family never knew what happened to his body . etched on a sun-kissed cross above grave a-12-195 at the manila american cemetery is the phrase , “here rests in honored glory a comrade in arms known but to god. but he also expressed frustration that j-pac contended that bud ' s case didn ' t meet those highly restrictive standards . eakin works with other families to id their loved ones . bud ' s family has long been fighting the pentagon , even going so far as suing , to get the joint prisoner of war/missing in action accounting command to dig up the grave of the unknown soldier who may be bud .
“as a mother and chicagoan , the first lady was heartbroken to learn of the tragic loss of hadiya pendleton due to senseless gun violence , ” said kristina schake , the first lady ’ s communications director . ” scheduled to speak at the funeral is gov . danny k. davis . it ’ s an overwhelming experience , obama will be accompanied to the funeral by valerie jarrett , a senior adviser to the president , and secretary of education arne duncan . but they ’ ll not see her , they ’ ll view her , and that is so painful.
“i came here to see charlie sheen on an extended loop and be both horrified and entertained , ” said a 34-year-old lobbyist who declined to give her name because she ’ s a “professional girl ” who “cares about my future. " on a potential presidential run : " is it the craziest f — king idea ever ? ... this version has been corrected . mostly no . everywhere . washington as a whole greeted sheen with a feisty , inebriated bear hug , but there was some wonky thoughtfulness in the crowd .
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . nisman ’ s body was found the day before he had been expected to testify before congress that the president had covered up iran ’ s alleged involvement in the attack . learn more story_separator_special_tag president cristina fernández de kirchner , embattled by controversy at home , might have been expected to be extra careful on her visit to china where she ’ s looking to boost investment in her country ’ s sputtering economy .
they also mostly ignored bernie sanders ' speech , which occurred in the 8 p.m. hour and john kasich ' s speech , which happened during trump ' s event . aren ’ t you just a perfect young man . i am a burger lover &amp; very hard to please . real estate mogul and tv star donald trump , left , listens as michael sexton introduces him to announce the establishment of trump university at a press conference in new york , on may 23 , 2005. grease is fat ... bought both steaks and
they were sentenced to death by the kolhapur sessions court in 2001. there has been no word on the black warrant , ” said yogesh desai , superintendent , yerwada central jail , while refusing to comment on the preparations . a supreme court judgment states convicts in ill health cannot be executed . “in one of their particularly gruesome murders , they hung a two-year-old upside down , bashed his head against the wall and chopped him to pieces . their physical condition has deteriorated and they look like living skeletons . they are in solitary confinement .
solar eclipse ' looks like a cookie ' 01 : 32 play video derek ralston , a professional photographer , said he used a welding filter to capture a direct view of eclipse in the foothills above oroville , california . similar events were also held in china and taiwan . millions of people witnessed the resulting " ring of fire " phenomenon . share your photos with cnn ireport and they could be featured on cnn . an annular eclipse occurs when the moon passes between the earth and sun at the farthest point of its orbit , meaning it will block less than the entire sun .
" lawyers for mcguire contend that he will suffocate to death in agony and terror . the method has been part of ohio ' s execution process since 2009 , though was never used . the state disagrees . mcguire ' s adult children sobbed a few feet away in a witness room as they watched him die at the state death house in lucasville in southern ohio . file-in this undated file photo provided by the ohio department of rehabilitation and correction shows dennis mcguire . ohio officials used intravenous doses of two drugs , the sedative midazolam and the painkiller hydromorphone , to put mcguire to death .
tripoli nato is to formally decide on wednesday whether to end its mission over libya now that muammar gaddafi is dead and buried and the country ' s new leaders have declared the nation " liberated " . • the syrian observatory for human rights said 17 people were killed in syria , including three teenage girls and a woman , while at least seven soldiers died in clashes with suspected army defectors , al-jazeera reports . mobile phone footage shows both alive after their capture . no matter . angelique chrisafis in tunis provides a guide to the five key parties : an-nahda ( renaissance ) ; the progressive democratic party ( pdp ) , ettakatol , congress for the republic , modernist democratic pole .
zed , president of the universal society of hinduism , has delivered traditional hindu prayers to both the u.s. house and u.s. senate and in nearly a dozen state legislatures . " but , he said , " i was disappointed that we didn ' t also have a christian prayer . there are multiple viewpoints . guest chaplains often visit the statehouse , hill said , often when the sitting chaplain is taking time off . selfish action imprisons the world . the idaho senate convened tuesday with a ... the seven : sens . last year , the idaho senate received an invocation from a jewish rabbi , he said .
weiner , mr. he is not going to be the next mayor of new york . weiner ’ s scandal and his reputation as a difficult boss . he did a remarkable job , ” mr. he sent an e-mail to dozens of his associates in late june seeking volunteers and financial contributions for mr. weiner confirmed the news on sunday morning outside of a brooklyn church where he was campaigning . voters don ' t need to hear any more from weiner over his explicit , online relationships with women , said president barack obama ' s longtime political counselor .
both countries claim the scarborough shoal , which is known as panatag shoal to filipinos or huangyan island to the chinese . i hope their governments don ’ t make this a cause for bad relations , " one protester said . hundreds of protesters marched in front of the chinese embassy - many carrying placards that read : “china back off. the waterway is a strategically important trade route and a potentially rich source of oil and natural gas in the region . in what may be a punitive action by the chinese government , 1,200 containers of bananas from the philippines are being held in customs because of what authorities say are " quarantine concerns " .
when told that a student captured the cartwheel in a snapchat video , sponsler replied that she “did not remember performing a cartwheel or exposing her vagina and buttocks. ” in september 2011 , sponsler pleaded guilty to possession of methamphetamine and marijuana in the presence of a child and possession of drug paraphernalia . police said officers took sponsler into custody tuesday afternoon . she was sentenced to a three-year deferred sentence . they said a student recorded it on the student ’ s cell phone . sponsler , seen at right , was wearing a long dress , but no underwear , “which caused her to expose herself to the students in this class , ” cops allege .
the study results showed that if you are faking a smile then it won ’ t cheer you up and that you are just using it to ‘mask ’ your inner sadness . they also reported how happy they were with their lives in general . trying to make somebody smile when they are miserable could actually make them feel worse , a study has found . so who should smile as much as in the second experiment 63 people were shown funny pictures and were asked if they thought they were amusing . professor mukhopadhyay wrote : ‘smiling by itself does not increase happiness , or wellbeing .
it ’ s clear from the way her words tumble forth that she ’ s ­breaking a months long self-imposed “media blackout ” and eager to unpack her latest thinking on everything from her alienation from hip-hop to engaging with donald trump ’ s supporters . cyrus told ... 22 , 2016 , file photo , miley cyrus talks with students while campaigning for democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton at george mason university in fairfax , va. a scantily clad cyrus shocked audiences with a rump-shaking performance alongside robin thicke . cyrus is promoting an upcoming album .
( associated press ) pope francis addresses a joint meeting of congress on capitol hill in washington , thursday , sept. but his “concern for the family ” should make them feel right at home . ( ap photo/carolyn ... ” advertisement invoking martin luther king jr. “every life is sacred , every human person is endowed with an inalienable dignity , and society can only benefit from the rehabilitation of those convicted of crimes , ” he said . listening behind the pope are story_separator_special_tag justice pope francis tells congress to abolish the death penalty credit : ap photo/alex brandon in his first ever visit to the u.s. and first speech ever to congress , pope francis called on the nation ’ s hundreds of representatives to make the death penalty a thing of the past .
the families , story_separator_special_tag a georgia family is hoping to raise awareness for their 23-month-old boy after he was diagnosed with a rare metabolic disorder that means he has to eat every hour to stay healthy . because owen ’ s body cannot break down fat , once his tiny storage of energy is depleted his body starts looking for other sources for energy . ... 23-24 ) . the feeding program . owen is on a special medical formula called lipistart . “when you find out your child has something you ’ ve never heard of before , you don ’ t know how to treat it , you also don ’ t know what it means long term … it can feel really lonely for parents initially , ” tyler torti said .
mitchell , who did not speak at the vigil , was home at the time of the crash , but managed to escape . a town that comes out when things are down and people need you . pilot in deadly conn. he lights up as he talks about eastside pathways , a partnership of organizations and individuals sharing a commitment to the idea that each and every child should have the chance to make the most of their lives . my sweet angels . brian thompson reports . " gov . ( published sunday , aug. the houses were badly damaged when the 10-seat propeller-driven plane crashed on its approach to tweed new haven airport .
bitcoin is different . it ' s shaping up to be a pretty ugly day for bitcoin . and the traditional banking and credit card networks are closed platforms . bitcoin is now 44 percent off its intraday high of $ 266 . the biggest question everyone has had about bitcoin in recent weeks - aside from how it works - is whether or not it ' s in a bubble . ( as long as the chance of each outcome is roughly the same , downside of 100 % and upside of 600 % is a great bet.
ebola patient thomas eric duncan told his fiancee the day he was diagnosed last week that he regrets exposing her to the deadly virus and had he known he was carrying ebola , he would have “preferred to stay in liberia and died than bring this to you , ” a family friend said . a 15-member crew from the cleaning guys of fort worth labored for ... 28. ( associated press ) file - in the oct. . . 6 , 2014 , a hazardous material cleaner removes an item from an apartment in dallas .
most forage fish landed on the west coast are exported for purposes such as bait in tuna longlining in asia or as feed for farmed fish . but without a full understanding of the causes , the crash is raising alarm . by mid-century sardines had and their numbers are projected to keep sliding . when conditions are poor , sardine populations plunge . it was one of those seemingly inexhaustible swells that propelled california ' s sardine fishery to a zenith in the 1940s . spawning has taken a dive too . " not very well . the november 2013 population estimate of 378,000 tons is the lowest in more than a decade , far below the peak of 1.5 million tons estimated in 2000 and a major decline by historical standards .
the ruling by the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia struck down the federal communications commission ' s so-called " open internet " rules that had required equal treatment of internet traffic and ... you may be in for a frustrating future . story_separator_special_tag net neutrality is dead . that ' s the bare bones story , wrapped in ugly acronyms ( fcc , isp , etc. think your cable ceo hates free online porn ? ) . 2. no more net neutrality means isps can now force websites to pay for faster content delivery .
trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) january 16 , 2017 much worse - just look at syria ( red line ) , crimea , ukraine and the build-up of russian nukes . story_separator_special_tag president-elect donald trump donald trumpovernight healthcare : gop governors defend medicaid expansion trump poised to reinstate ' global gag rule ' on roe v. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . not good ! learn more was this the leaker of fake news ? brennan said sunday that the president-elect needs to be disciplined about what he says publicly and criticized trump for likening the actions of the intelligence community to those of nazis .
credit : rick wherley , cleveland museum of natural history expand caption sydney brannoch , a ph.d. candidate at the cleveland museum of natural history , led research that pioneered a new method to classify praying mantises by establishing a female genitalia character system . " stay abreast of the latest developments from nation ' s capital and beyond with curated news alerts from the washington examiner news desk and delivered to your inbox . processing ... if please try again later . a new female species of praying mantis has been named after supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg in honor of her work for gender equality .
( committee for human rights in north korea ) new satellite images released this week by the committee for human rights in north korea chronicle what it says is steady growth in a prison camp on the northeast coast . " between 2009 and 2010 , the camp perimeter increased from approximately 3,710 meters to about 5,100 meters , a 37 percent expansion , " it said . these files are currently not publicly accessible . turned off duplicate detection . the original runs were just against the enwiki . as the post ’ s chico harlan has reported , gulags are alive and well in north korea -- despite official claims to the contrary : today pyongyang operates six giant political prison camps as well as dozens of smaller facilities that emphasize “re-education ” as well as pure labor .
ncr said in a friday alert that the cases were the first confirmed “jackpotting ” losses in the united states . on jan. this should be treated as a call to action to take appropriate steps to protect their atms against these forms of attack and mitigate any consequences. according to that source — who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak on the record — the secret service has received credible information that crooks are activating so-called “cash out crews ” to attack front-loading atms manufactured by atm vendor diebold nixdorf .
" i don ' t want to do any story_separator_special_tag dozens shot over weekend , five dead a total of 34 people were shot — five of whom died — during a 24-hour stretch from saturday morning into sunday morning that was one of the most violent in recent city memory , according to chicago police . ” waller said much of the violence is being traced back to gangs . the bloody toll comes as tens of thousands of concertgoers converged downtown for lollapalooza , which drew heightened security and a large police presence following the country ’ s deadliest mass shooting at a las vegas music festival last year .
story_separator_special_tag story highlights " the dprk must choose to stop isolating itself and stand down its pursuit of nuclear weapons , " mattis said mattis has consistently said that he prefers to resolve issues over north korea ' s missile and nuclear programs through diplomacy washington ( cnn ) us defense secretary james mattis issued a dramatic ultimatum to north korea on wednesday to " cease any consideration of actions that would lead to the end of its regime and destruction of its people " -- strong words that come just one day after president donald trump warned that the us could unleash " fire and fury " on pyongyang .
kerry ' s 2012 speech left many democrats wondering where that kind of edge and passion was when he was the party ' s standard-bearer . -- to the november election is on . the speech will certainly send convention-goers back to their home states excited about the final 60 days of the campaign and there were enough appeals to the political center to make the case that obama is the right home for them . our issue ? but he surely could have done better than he did . i suspect that won ’ t be an easy sell .
” margot robbie and will smith in “focus. once that ’ s realized , it ’ s possible to take it for what it is and enjoy it , a little . “focus ” is ridiculous in every detail . ” photo : frank masi / frank masi / warner bros. pictures image 4 of 4 adrian martinez plays a con artist in “focus. and the resolution — that is , the explanation that comes afterward — story_separator_special_tag musical chairs or russian roulette ? one scene in particular captures the strengths and weaknesses of “focus.
” speaking to an audience that stands to his right , christie concluded story_separator_special_tag humbled by a scandal that has hampered his rise on the national stage , new jersey governor chris christie sought to reconnect with the republican base on thursday , delivering an uncharacteristically low-key speech to gop activists that sounded traditional conservative themes . ” he , like others , carried a message of “opportunity , ” deriding the president ’ s income-inequality focus in favor of “opportunity inequality. he even defended the koch brothers , decrying sen. , is between anybody who wants to talk about something and a camera , ” he said .
vandehei ’ s piece is ostensibly a common man ’ s plea for a responsible third party — one that would depart from the potential third-party paths laid out by bernie sanders and donald trump . john harris , left , editor in chief of politico , and jim vandehei , politico executive editor , speak to advertisers in arlington , va. references to disruption ? president obama has established an intriguing precedent of using drone technology and intelligence to assassinate terrorists before they strike . there are many , many things wrong with that paragraph . architect of the osama bin laden raid .
nikki sixx marries courtney bingham andre cohen photography nikki sixx is a married man ! bart ' s.bingham celebrated her upcoming nuptials on march 2 with a sweet bridal shower thrown by her longtime friend and stylist halle reum at the hotel bel air . " i used to drive her nuts when i was younger trying on a million dresses , " she told entertainment tonight not wanting a traditional wedding dress , she flipped through fashion magazines and studied red carpet looks , " and then i saw jennifer lawrence two years ago at the oscars falling gracefully , perfectly , as she goes up to accept her award , and i thought , ' oh my gosh , the back of that dress !
as the court itself recognized , section 2 is not a license to engage in racial story_separator_special_tag celebrating the supreme court ’ s ruling on her state ’ s tough immigration law , arizona gov . arizona ’ s and every other state ’ s inherent authority to protect and defend its people has been upheld. 1070 on federal preemption grounds . text size - + reset brewer on scotus ruling politico breaks down scotus immigration decision ” ( also on politico : scotus clears key part of ariz. asked by fox news ’ neil cavuto whether he considered obama ’ s statement that “no american should ever live under a cloud of suspicion just because of what they look like ” was intended to be a “slap ” at arpaio , the sheriff responded , “of course it is.
" they will be able to call on this technology to help stop sex offenders from reoffending and leaving more innocent victims in their wake . the method is widely used in the us , with 19 states using lie detector tests in criminal cases , including during court testimonies . " low level " sex offenders were involved in the original pilot . studies have shown that polygraphs are accurate around 85 % of the time . if convicted rapists or other dangerous sex attackers are found to have lied about crucial matters or breached the terms of their licence after being released from jail they could be sent back to prison .
adults and children were on the trailer . ( associated press ) in this image made from video , people gather around a pickup truck on a flatbed truck at the scene of an accident on u.s. highway 80 in chunky , miss. these are good people , and our hearts go out to them. it is unclear how many people were injured . we will continue to keep you posted throughout the night as we learn any new information . three helicopters and several ambulances rushed to the scene and took the injured to three hospitals .
and in burleson , authorities were still looking for the 70-year-old driver of a submerged vehicle . walker was taken to a local hospital , but later transported to the dallas county jail . it wasn ’ t clear how long the car had been under water . ( photo : wfaa ) 3 : 03 p.m. - the sachse police department says merritt road between sachse road and pleasant valley road remains closed due to high water . trinity river at #dallas crested at 41.08 ' saturday afternoon . three other people were reported dead friday morning after flooding in north texas .
in a lawsuit filed in the federal court in atlanta on monday , mohammed abdullah tawfeeq says he ’ s traveled abroad for cnn as both a producer and editor for years without incident . ” according to the complaint , after trump signed the executive order , the state department announced it would apply to all returning immigrants . tawfeeq ’ s native iraq is one of seven countries affected by the ban . like this : like loading ... “cbp officials then told mr. tawfeeq has been a permanent legal resident of the u.s. since 2013.
on thursday , as the protests in tunisia were escalating , secretary of state hillary rodham clinton issued a scathing critique of arab leadership and the region ’ s political and economic stagnation . al jazeera headlined its broadcasts : “tunisia ... ” he wrote . ” mohammed al-maskati , a blogger in bahrain , put it more bluntly on twitter . mebazaa promised in a televised speech to consult with all political parties before holding elections within 60 days . “an arab nation woke up and said enough. “it actually happened in my lifetime !
carini ’ s dad — also named carmine — is an associate of the colombo crime family , a police source said . the police were still trying to figure out why he was killed and his body dumped using a mafia-style technique . carmine sr. mr. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . boyce , said at a monthly news conference . vinnie and another cousin , enrico , later famously botched a hit on a former mafia prosecutor and ended up paying the ultimate price . he was identified through fingerprints . a five-pound bag of drywall compound was also tied to his body , chief boyce said .
" they give us the run around , " he told laist . delta allegedly also gave them the run-around as to where the dog was with a similar story about an escape , but couldn ' t seem to produce the dog . ty was in the cargo area in a carrier romano said he had purchased from petco . during her layover in atlanta , the airlines called the owner , saying she was trying to break out of her crate so they wanted to keep her overnight . this time , a german shepherd mix named nala was being flown to germany .
a mother would never want her child in trouble , " she said . the australian couple have not been named but have reportedly denied leaving gammy in thailand . ( associated press ) pattaramon chanbua , 21 , right , the surrogate mother to a baby boy born with down syndrome who was abandoned by his australian biological parents , sits next to an unidentified hospital representative at ... she was in my womb . " however , she said she was inclined to leave the resolution of the issue up to " fate " and what was best for the baby girl .
maternity leave is not " me time " . but as i read on , i wasn ’ t sure i did , actually . in the new york post ? but the idea that time off — for any variety of personal reasons — makes us sharper and more focused and better is a totally valid one . " as danish radio host tore leifer wrote in the new york times three years ago , " sabbaticals ensure that we spend time with our children and families , that we refresh our creative depots , and that we grow and develop as humans and professionals .
" that ' s despite russian president vladimir putin saying outright last week , following the leaders ' summit in helsinki , that he wanted trump to win in 2016. " dhs has made tremendous strides and is committed to working collaboratively with those on the front lines of administering our elections to secure election infrastructure from risks , " krebs said . ( associated press ) house oversight and government reform committee chairman rep. jody hice , r-ga. trey gowdy , r-s.c. elijah cummings , d-md. the company would not disclose the candidates , citing privacy issues .
and that was a fact , " bush said . bush presidential center at southern methodist university in dallas , views of his presidency among all americans are starting to improve . the new museum , like bush ' s memoir , " decision points , " focuses intensely on critical periods of his presidency , including 9/11 , the run-up to the iraq war , hurricane katrina and the 2008 financial crisis . but history will ultimately decide that , and i won ' t be around to see it . the george w. the survey ' s overall sampling error is plus or
twitter had previously suspended jones for a week . " we took this action based on new reports of tweets and videos posted yesterday that violate our abusive behavior policy , in addition to the accounts ' past violations , " the company said in a series of tweets . accounts for jones and infowars were also banned from periscope . twitter is permanently ... you ' re a public figure too . twitter ceo jack dorsey testified at both hearings , but did not appear to witness the confrontation . " darcy has aggressively questioned social media companies about the forbearance they showed jones , asking why they have allowed him to remain on their platforms for as long as they have .
the deceased ' s mother who is a park ranger was at the neighbour ’ s at the time , according to mr nabugyere . contributing : associated press https://usat.ly/2io4wxm nabugyere also said he expects compensation from uwa , and said he wants to see heightened security that would help protect staff and children . " the incident has shocked many in uganda , where leopard attacks on humans are rare . " we are working towards establishing the leopard and evaluating options such as relocating it somewhere else . " he was seated with the maid when the leopard grabbed and ran with him .
a number of musicians have been kidnapped and murdered by drug gangs in mexico over the last few years . " they were not answering their mobile phones , but we just thought it was because they were in a remote place , " said family member jose ruiz . among them is diego rivas , who was shot dead in 2011 after composing a song in praise of joaquin shorty guzman , mexico ' s most wanted drug baron . he has not been seen since . in 2007 sergio gomez , singer in the band k-pax , was kidnapped and strangled to death .
" flu season usually peaks in february , but this season started early and surged for months . every flu vaccine is a cocktail , aimed at either three or four of the most common flu strains . these visits made up 6.4 % of trips to the doctor , down from 7.5 % of visits the previous week . it has been driven by a formidable type of flu that tends to cause more hospitalizations and deaths . the flu remained widespread in 48 states , according to the cdc ' s latest report friday . feb. " there ' s still , potentially , eight weeks left of the flu season , and story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports .
" louis degennaro , the chief executive of the leukemia and lymphoma society , which helped fund yescarta ' s development , wrote in an email blast that " many patients who were out of treatment options are now in remission " because of experimental studies of the drug . yescarta is being that policy will also clarify how we will apply our expedited programs to breakthrough products that use car-t cells and other gene therapies . yescarta is not indicated for the treatment of patients with primary central nervous system lymphoma . , director of the fda ’ s center for biologics evaluation and research ( cber ) .
story_separator_special_tag driver speeds around manhattan in 24 minutes posted : tuesday , september 3 , 2013 4 : 26 pm edt updated : tuesday , september 10 , 2013 4 : 26 pm edt an anonymous driver claims to have made a lap of manhattan in a record time of 24 minutes and seven seconds , a stunt that the nypd does not find to be amusing . " we ' ve seen this before . so what ' s the route ? well , by managing traffic , i mean passing on the right , weaving across lanes , and cutting people off like a cabbie .
" @tesla this is what happened to my husband and his car today . her film roles include private parts ( 1997 ) , deep impact ( 1998 ) , true crime ( 1999 ) , high heels and low lifes ( 2001 ) , k-pax ( 2001 ) , dickie roberts : former child star ( 2003 ) , right at your door ( 2006 ) , and 1408 ( 2007 ) . it ' s a lot of sophisticated technology . " in a statement tesla said , " our initial investigation shows that the cabin of the vehicle was totally unaffected by the fire due to our battery architecture , which is designed to protect the cabin in the very rare event that a battery fire occurs .
" snowden , who is still in hiding somewhere in russia , maintained that his act wasn ' t reckless and that he did it all for the american people . " some of the most important reporting to be done is yet to come . now he says terrorism evokes an emotional response . " this is probably true . he also said he would love to return to the united states — if granted immunity . the former national security agency contractor leaves ted ' s audience divided . besides , judging a speech is a highly subjective endeavor .
on tuesday , july 14 , nasa ' s new horizons spacecraft will come closest to pluto . this is not expected to happen until just after midnight ( gmt ) into wednesday . new horizons has traveled 3 billion ... this is because studying other objects in the solar system can provide clues about earth ' story_separator_special_tag image copyright nasa/jhu-apl/swri image caption pluto ( r ) and charon ( l ) are the key targets for observation during the flyby nasa ' s new horizons spacecraft has begun the most intense period of its encounter with pluto . to really see it as more than a blurry blob , we needed to go there .
31 , 2012 , during florida ' s primary ... — mitt romney claimed a powerful victory in florida ’ s presidential primary , reasserting himself as the front-runner for his party ’ s nomination and leaving newt gingrich reeling from a likely double-digit defeat and facing an uncertain path to regaining his post-south carolina momentum . ron paul , according to the florida department of state website . with 96 percent of precincts reporting , romney led gingrich by 16 percentage points , 47 percent to 32 percent . ( associated press ) " thank you fl ! it prepares us .
" and on wednesday , trump continued to cast doubt on intelligence findings as he cited wikileaks ' founder julian assange ' s claim that a " 14-year-old kid could have hacked " the emails of hillary clinton ' s campaign chairman john podesta . very strange ! learn more but us intelligence officials insisted there had been no delay in the briefing schedule . mr trump has now backed that view in a tweet . the news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . / updated by hasani gittens and ken dilanian the president-elect has taken yet more swipes at the intelligence community that will be under his command in just a few weeks , once again on twitter .
bp bp. that included a controversial 20 % increase in dudley ’ s total pay for the year , at a time when the company lost $ 5.2 billion . mr dudley received the rise despite bp ' s falling profits and job cuts . we hear you . instead , dudley has to work harder than his predecessors . the vote is non-binding on bp , but earlier , chairman carl-henric svanberg promised to review future pay terms . his two big challenges were to clean up the financial spill from the 2010 gulf of mexico disaster and change the culture at bp , which was tainted by safety concerns and excessive risk taking .
the shin bet ( israel security agency ) announced on wednesday that it arrested three palestinians from east jerusalem recruited online by an al-qaida operative in gaza , who were in the midst of preparations to carry out a string of large-scale bombing and shooting attacks on multiple targets in israel . this all happened very quickly , " said a source . they added that abu-sara ' s father was opposed to his son ' s activities and warned him repeatedly after seeing his son surfing radical islamist websites . unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall .
’ ” ms. the ah ring , which stands for “available and happy , ” is a $ 350 band with diamonds that is meant to be worn on the pinky . “so the ring was liberating for me , because i don ’ t need others to tell me that i ’ m beautiful , i ’ m sexy , i ’ m intelligent , i ’ m fabulous just as i am. katie or tom ? cast your vote ! they selected view all new york times newsletters . please try again later .
story_separator_special_tag tancrede melet , 32 , was dangling " at arm ' s length " from the basket of the balloon just before he plummeted to the ground , according to the group of stuntmen that he led . but melet was stuck and then suspended some 30 meters in the air . his passion quickly became a full-time endeavor . melet leaves behind his partner , tiphaine breillot , and a young child . watch our original report here : part 1 : play part 2 : his team confirmed his death to abc news . the father-of-one was a well known base-jumper , wing-suit flyer , and slack-line walker .
enric millo , the spanish government ' s representative in the region , said police and national guard forces acted " professionally " to enforce court orders . police had sealed off many voting centers in the hours before the vote to prevent their use . joaquim bosch , a 73-year-old retiree at princep de viana high school , where a crowd of 20 people was growing sunday morning , said he was uneasy about a possible police response to the crowds . this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag police officers of the mossos d ' esquadra , catalan police , check the i.d .
" if we cut catchment pollution we can starve the baby crown of thorns starfish and prevent the next outbreak before it happens , " dr holmes said . with these vibrant and stunning photos you don ' t have to be a scuba diver — or even know how to swim — to explore and experience six of the ocean ' s most incredible living coral reefs . you can also find out much more about this reef via the world wonders project , a website that brings modern and ancient world heritage sites online . aap stay informed .
on his youtube channel , mredxwx posted a video with the following statement : “i did not hack sesame street . learn how to make silly monster faces out of fruit ! beyond television , the workshop produces content for multiple media platforms on a wide range of issues including literacy and numeracy , emotional wellbeing , health and wellness , and respect and understanding . " the page featured a 7-minute clip of an adult film , which , according to one knowledgeable reddit user , is first anal quest : angelica . click the image below to see a screengrab of the hacked channel as it looked before it came down .
this is happening ! the rampage was captured by others in the store . in between wrecking iphone , macbooks , and ipads , he says in french , “apple is a company that ' violated ' european consumers ' rights . published on sep 29 , 2016 to use this video in a commercial player or in broadcasts , please email licensing@storyful.com angry guy destroys everything in a french apple store with a steel ball . h/t mashable very calmly till security comes to stop him . they said no . fun fact : the french word for apple is " pomme , ” which is the root word for “pummel , ” so maybe this guy was just confused .
this year ’ s round of nobel ... image copyright reuters image caption arthur ashkin and gerard mourou were honoured for their contributions to the field the award comes a few days after a physicist gave a " highly offensive " lecture at the cern particle physics laboratory in geneva in which he said that physics had been " built by men " and that male scientists were being discriminated against . learn more story_separator_special_tag this collection contains official pacific union college websites , particularly those associated with the domain name puc.edu . 8 . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
brady . he does have concussions , " bundchen said on " cbs this morning " on wednesday . and i believe that planet earth is , like , you know , it ' s a spaceship . brady suffered a head injury or concussion , or exhibited or complained of concussion symptoms . those advertisers use tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on our sites and applications and across the internet and your other apps and devices . the nfl , however , has a simple response : nothing to see here . was the brady concluded the season by directing a historic comeback for his fifth super bowl title .
photo : courtesy of johran mccormick ' s f image 2 of 9 shawn curley sits on the bed of his son , johran , on friday . he then went to get his father . the father walked in and asked questions , but his daughter claimed to not know mccormick . classmates at the vigil . " we ' re suffering . the father told investigators he heard noises coming from story_separator_special_tag family of teen boy killed after sneaking into girlfriend ’ s bedroom wants girl charged houston – family , friends and supporters of johran mccormick , the teen who was shot and killed by his girlfriend ’ s father , want the girlfriend to be held accountable for her role in his death .
“deadpool 2 ” revels in its self-referential perspective , relishing jabs at old john hughes movies , “the passion of the christ ” and , most of all , its own “lazy writing. throwing his impish alfred e. he is like a swizzle stick continually stirring up a double mickey finn . and then things begin to get a bit complicated . there are perhaps two believable human moments in the script . wearing scar makeup to hide his typical pretty-boy looks , reynolds radiates a bizarre charisma . this is a very self-aware bag of tricks .
usa today there are plans to shutter up to 160 applebee ' s and ihop locations , according to parent dineequity . close casual-dining restaurants have struggled as more customers have gravitated toward quick-service restaurants like panera bread or chipotle mexican grill . he replaces julia stewart , who resigned in february ; she was at the helm when applebee ' s as acquired in 2007. " we are investing in the empowerment of our brands by improving overall franchisee financial health , closing underperforming restaurants and enhancing the supply chain , " interim ceo richard dahl said in a statement .
the findings refute continued claims that the photo was faked because oswald ' s pose is physically implausible . dartmouth researchers used new digital image forensics and 3-d modeling techniques to confirm the authenticity of the famous backyard photo of lee harvey oswald holding the same type of rifle used to assassinate president john f. kennedy . a pdf and photos are available on request . oswald was killed before his trial , so he never gave a full accounting of the assassination , which fueled theories that he was part of a conspiracy . if you would like more information about how to print , save , and work with pdfs , highwire press provides a helpful frequently asked questions about pdfs .
unfortunately , the baltimore region ’ s combination of trails is far inferior to washington ’ s , philadelphia ’ s , new york ’ s , boston ’ s , and we are falling behind pittsburgh . rawlings-blake imposed a one-week curfew but stressed the need to respond in a way that did not incite more violence . project 1 – gwynns falls/middle branch trail to bwi/b&a trail . this slideshow requires javascript . " the mayor of baltimore had the city of baltimore police on the ground . they provide health and transportation benefits . there are marshes , riverscapes , forests and lots of other features that make for a scenic recreational trail .
it was not immediately clear sunday whether that was same charter bus that crashed saturday about 45 miles north of laredo or what steps the company took to fix the problems with its sidelined bus between inspections . fifteen were taken to laredo medical center . she said she could share no additional information . “we know this carrier had the vehicle violation problems , ” kildare said . the laredo morning times identified the victims as altagracia torres , 61 ; maria de jesus musquiz , 52 ; dora nelly gonzalez , 68 ; frances guerrero , 52 ; marisela lopez , 60 ; adelfa garza , 63 ; jaime navarro , 60 ; and emma rodriguez zamudio , 81.
the sudden escalation of washington ’ s response to venezuela ’ s crisis preceded u.s. vice president mike pence ’ s trip to the region beginning sunday . trump said . trump , after the president floated the possibility of a " bad solution " in north korea . mexico and colombia joined in with statements of their own . “we have many options for venezuela , including a possibile military option if necessary. earlier friday , mr. " president trump will gladly speak with the leader of venezuela as soon as democracy is restored in that country .
" houser " has a history of mental health issues , i.e. ( brad kemp/the advocate via ap ) ( associated press ) theater goer jacob broussard said he was standing in line to go inside the grand theatre when a shooting occurred and police responded to the scene thursday , july 23 , 2015 , in lafayette , la . houser ’ s posts on the site were made in early 2014. some news reports identify houser spelling russell as russel . ” “the leaders of the group are in she hit the floor immediately .
" the governor described clements as " unfailingly kind and thoughtful . “if it was not one weapon , it would have been another. clements ' home was out of view , behind a barricade of crime-scene tape in the road . ” a decade ago , colorado was loosening concealed-weapons laws and facing court challenges over a law that stripped legal protections for gay residents . he oversaw operations of state and private prisons and parole operations . i am so sad . where democrats see progress , republicans see overreach . john w. lt.
officials in beijing have vowed to respond with the same amount of tariffs on u.s. products . the move , which is not finalized and could change , according to the source , comes as the united states and china remain locked in a trade war . all adding more than 1 percent . ’ s 301 investigation that sparked the tariffs . beijing ( ap ) — china ' s government warned wednesday it will retaliate if washington imposes new trade penalties , following a report the trump administration will propose increasing the tariff rate on an additional $ 200 billion of chinese imports .
ellen weinstein the most enduring feature of freudianism was its claim that important facts about a patient ' s mental life are buried in the " unconscious . revisions were also made to diagnostic criteria for mental health disorders including schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , dissociative identity disorder and depressive disorders . every single comment was read and evaluated . insel and other experts said they hoped that the science of psychiatry would follow the direction of cancer research , which is moving from classifying tumors by where they occur in the body to characterizing them by their genetic and molecular signatures .
" the pilot came on the intercom and said that there was an oil leak in one of the engines and that they were going to turn and go back to singapore . photos : singapore airlines plane catches fire after landing a cell phone photo shot by passenger lee bee yee ( facebook.com/premiummall.sg ) shows the wing of a singapore airlines flight on fire upon landing at changi airport on june 27 , 2016. but i think we are safe for now ... it maybe never will . still . “half of the passengers were sleeping , ” he added .
" it might be a simple cramp , " he said . mitchell ' s split was 46.1 and the americans went on to finish in 2 : 58.87 to qualify for friday ' s final . mitchell broke a bone in his left leg , usa track and field said in a news release . bolt makes history photo by feng li/getty images . two other members of the relay team pool -- jeremy wariner and lashawn merritt -- have injured hamstrings and cannot run . just watched the guy who will close the london games replay more videos ...
his pay cut plan is similar to attorney general eric holder ' s . and on thursday , secretary of state john kerry staged his own demonstration of solidarity , pledging to donate five percent of his salary to treasury . one possible explanation is biden ’ s net worth , which is on the modest side compared to those of the president and other cabinet members . the $ 85 billion in sequestration budget cuts were designed to be so severe that democrats and republicans on capitol hill would be forced to come to an agreement to avoid them .
the request prompted google to take a closer look at the data itself , whereby the company discovered that it was indeed collecting snippets of information passing over wifi networks and therefore its previous statement was incorrect . yes , there are scenarios in which the data is used in appalling ways . except ... * password protect your wi-fi network . now . it ' s been a controversial practice . in 2006 “an engineer working on an experimental wifi project wrote a piece of code that sampled all categories of publicly broadcast wifi data , ” the company wrote .
” he said . miss mimi helps run his affairs and those of his company , brouhaha music ; the living room of his apartment is the company ’ s office . “brother try to pick up ali here . scott-heron calls himself a bluesologist . ’ ” “he ’ ll give you a call , ” little said . scott-heron continued to record through the 1970s and early ' 80s , before taking a lengthy hiatus . " scott-heron was born in chicago in 1949. “unbelievable odds . he says , ‘put me down.
” in a reflection of romney ’ s perceived advantage , both santorum and gingrich spent primary day outside illinois . we won the areas that conservatives and republicans populate , and we ’ re very happy about that . i gave him a call a little earlier and congratulated him on winning the state of illinois . santorum plans to speak tonight from gettysburg , pa. let me just thank all of you for being here . only romney was still in the land of lincoln , making a visit to google ’ s chicago office and holding an online event with google+ users .
we feel that the foundation will be a lovely legacy for charlie , and we hope that you will all continue to support us in honouring the life of our little warrior as he helps other poorly children and their families . trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) july 3 , 2017 in a statement thursday night , new york presbyterian hospital and columbia university irving medical center said it had agreed to admit gard . — donald j. the president of the united states has ... britain ' s supreme court ruled it ' s in the boy ' s best interests to be allowed to die with dignity .
our results showed significant positive associations of brain volume and iq ( r=.24 , r( 2 ) =.06 ) that generalize over age ( children vs. rather , brain structure and integrity appear to be more important as a biological foundation of iq , whilst brain size works as one " this isn ' t the first nail in the coffin for the ' bigger brain = better ' argument . copyright © 2015 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved . and when taking that into account , humans - thankfully - come at the top of the heap .
he said he ’ s “not for abuse by any means , ” but he ’ s concerned about what the bill would allow . " willmore interrupted at that moment . " in an emotional testimony , the woman , now 35 , showed the judge a picture of herself in eighth grade to reinforce that it wasn ' t an adult who was victimized , it was a child . " let me stop you right there . gary herbert for his signature . sen. the crimes occurred when the girls were 13 years old or younger .
the fish and wildlife service and maryland natural resources police said a $ 25,000 reward has been posted for information leading to the conviction of the suspected wildlife offenders . " our investigation is now focused on human causes , " said catherine j. the birds were found in february by a man roaming farm fields near federalsburg looking for deer antlers . federal authorities have determined how 13 bald eagles found dead on the eastern shore have died , but will only say publicly that they have ruled out natural causes . the birds showed no signs of trauma when they were found feb.
a 36-year-old woman suffering from an itchy skin lesion went to several florida doctors two months after her honeymoon in belize — and learned the wound was the sign of a living creature , which had burrowed into the skin on her groin , doctors say . no one covers what is happening in our community better than we do . dr. and with a digital subscription , you ' ll never miss a local story . the rows of black spines make it difficult to extract . mina shenouda , md , et al/journal investig med high case rep./american federation for medical research it ’ s a bug that ’ s rare in the united states , but more commonly found in the tropics .
with a second election in greece called for 17 june story_separator_special_tag frankfurt a greek exit from the euro zone could expose the european central bank and the currency bloc it seeks to protect to hundreds of billions of euros in losses , landing germany and its partners with a crippling bill . syriza wants to renegotiate greece ' s international bailout . media requires javascript to play . a greek departure would take europe into uncharted legal waters . council of state president and judge but there are no signs of a bank run . " they might need recapitalization from governments , who are not exactly in the best position to provide additional capital .
the world is witnessing the resurgence of a strong and prosperous america . america is open for business and we are competitive once again . " like all nations represented at this forum , america hopes for a future in which everyone can the dream of a great job , a safe home and a better life for their children . " trump told the davos audience that " when the united states grows , so does the world . the stock market is smashing one record after another , and has added more than $ 7 trillion in new wealth since my election .
but he was ensnared in a drug enforcement administration wiretap investigation in 2014 , pleaded guilty and was sentenced to nearly four years in federal prison . french fashion designer andre courreges , famous for his " space age " designs of the 1960s and 1970s , died on january 7 , his family told cnn affiliate france 3. barksdale said he left a life of crime . " i ' d like to think i saved some lives . he later worked with the anti-violence safe streets program . so you still owe . former u.s. rep.
- sheriff ' s investigators say a man accused of setting fire to a florida mosque confessed and said he was embarrassed . schreiber was arrested wednesday by st. they also found schreiber posted anti-islamic comments on social media , deputies said . just one more thing ... schreiber was ordered held without bail earlier thursday . the associated press contributed to this report . all rights reserved . if you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up , close story_separator_special_tag fort pierce , fla. no one was inside the building at the time , but the blaze forced the congregation to hold prayer services elsewhere .
/ updated by cynthia mcfadden , jake whitman and hannah rappleye amal clooney sat in a tent in a refugee camp in northern greece , surrounded by members of iraq ' s yazidi community , who have been driven from their homes in a genocidal campaign by isis . those advertisers use tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on our sites and applications and across the internet and your other apps and devices . clooney says the russians told her they are " open " to discussing an investigation , and she plans to meet with chinese officials this week .
now brussels has finally explained why the repairs are taking so long : the tunnel ’ s plans have all been eaten by mice . it ’ s a tribute to something — citizen resilience ? " i issued several warnings to ministers about the lack of engineers and specialised technicians , " he said . brussels infrastructure is also shoddy , its roads routinely clogged . the city ’ s political structure is insane ; it ’ s covered by 19 completely independent municipalities whose cooperation is made yet more complex by the division of their populations between french and dutch speakers .
3 , 2016 , on wikileaks twitter account that he will accept arrest by british police if a u.n. working group on arbitrary detention ... who is julian assange ? 5 , 2011 file photo , wikileaks founder julian assange makes a statement to media gathered outside the high court in london . he wants to avoid extradition to sweden over a rape claim , which he denies . their judgment is not legally binding but can be used to apply pressure on states in human rights cases . assange said wednesday , feb. a swedish foreign ministry spokeswoman confirmed that the un panel , due to publish its findings on friday , had concluded that assange was “arbitrarily detained ” .
" it doesn ' t take it away . 6 , 2017 : a recently filed lawsuit in dallas county district court blames negligence on behalf of the boy scouts of america for the death of reid comita , a fort worth teen . he wasn ' t prepared to go on an advanced hike , " his father said . we strive to create a safe environment for youth to experience outdoor adventure . sept. but those are there for their [ the executives ] convenience . john says he grew up participating in the boy scouts , and that he always felt it was something he could proudly share with his son .
" it will take some time to rebuild , but it will not change the economic future of japan , " buffett said on monday on a visit to a south korean factory run by a company owned by one of his funds . i have seen that happen in the united states , i have seen that happen around the world . buffett heads berkshire hathaway inc , which has substantial insurance and utility investments globally . warren e. ” mr. already , reconstruction-related businesses are booming . buffett for the long term , ” he said .
asked later if trump is really considering firing mueller , ruddy said : “yes. ” a white house official told me that “chris was speaking for himself and did not speak to the president. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ruddy never spoke to the president regarding this issue . &#124; getty trump attorney won ' t rule out firing mueller one of president donald trump ’ s attorneys on sunday wouldn ' t rule out the possibility the president would fire the special counsel appointed to look into his campaign ’ s potential ties to russia .
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . " poukkula said she found the photos tucked away inside her father ' s biographies of cobain and nirvana . i didn ' t realize it was such a historical thing . rare photographs from nirvana ' s first concert in march 1987 have been unearthed and shared by an unlikely source : maggie poukkula , the 19-year-old daughter of tony poukkula , a member of seattle band laytem who grew up with kurt cobain and hosted the fledging outfit ' s first show in his basement .
i think you ’ re supposed to use it only three times a week , but i ’ ve been using it more . the 2015 case is believed to be the first reported death from live bee acupuncture - also known as bee venom apitherapy - of a patient who had previously not been allergic . here , she shares beauty , hair and life advice . ms. there ’ s a myth that oil is not good for your skin . she had suffered a “massive watershed stroke and permanent coma ” due to severe anaphylactic shock , said the report ’ s authors , ricardo madrigal and paula vázquez revuelta of the hospital ’ s allergy unit .
a 34-year-old woman was killed and the train engineer was injured , christie said . " story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . " wulwick said the speed of the train seemed normal before the crash . chris christie said . andrew cuomo . " " he is at a local hospital and cooperating , " christie said . , jersey city , along with a hotline 855-336-1774 for information . screaming . " there was a horrendous sound of crashing , just a loud , scary , hard sound .
she ' s from wisconsin , so she ' s root for the pack , she said . mayer does a great job of ignoring dirty george . “that leads to traffic and advertising and ultimately to revenue . get the latest yahoo stock price here . the most visible evidence of that is a spike in mobile users since the spring redesign of mobile email and yahoo ’ s flickr photo-sharing service . " he then asked about a dividend . gross . we almost didn ' t believe our ears . mayer handled it very well .
" today zawiya , tomorrow benghazi , " itv news ' bill neely said a gadhafi supporteer told him in a reference to libya ' s main rebel-held city in the east . the move was a victory for the libyan national council in its quest for recognition and a setback for col. he counted more than 20 freshly dug graves . since the uprising began , obama has devoted just one set of public remarks solely to the situation in libya , where fighting has reached a harsh stalemate . washington favors using nato . conservatives say his one-of-the-team approach could also signal a decline in american fortitude after nearly a decade of war .
reynolds , the maker of camel and pall mall cigarettes , will pay cash and stock valuing lorillard at $ 68.88 a share , according to a statement . in london . reynolds is “absolutely confident ” in the future of its vuse e-cig brand , chief executive officer susan cameron said today in an interview . close open photographer : luke sharrett/bloomberg lorillard inc. ' s top-selling marlboro . lorillard drops the deal -- which followed months of intermittent talks -- will have to pass antitrust hurdles . as part of the effort to overcome those challenges , imperial will acquire well-known brands such as salem , winston and maverick .
related stories : whitney houston ’ s daughter bobbi kristina appeared ‘wasted ’ at burial on sunday mariah carey on whitney ’ s funeral : ‘i was very moved ’ bobby brown ‘worried ’ about bobbi kristina ; wants her to go to rehab report : bobbi kristina got high after whitney houston ’ s funeral story_separator_special_tag four years ago , whitney houston ' s ex-husband , bobby brown , planned to sell a tell-all book about his life with the superstar . eyewitnesses have said whitney was drinking heavily and doing tequila shots in the vip area .
the firm ’ s application for a new licence in london was rejected by transport for london on the basis that the company is not a “fit and proper ” private car hire operator . " it cited its approach to handling serious criminal offenses and its use of software to block regulatory bodies from gaining full access to the app , preventing " officials from undertaking regulator or law enforcement duties . that doesn ’ t mean abandoning our principles – we will vigorously appeal tfl ’ s decision – but rather building trust through our actions and our behaviour .
with just six days before the deadline , iran ' s nuclear talks seem to be faltering as u.s. secretary of state john kerry arrived in vienna on sunday . as the news broke , the words " scuttle " and " undermine " began floating : basically looks like khamenei cut zarif and co at the knees : http://t.co/9cmvgkd6dx — jordan hirsch ( @jordanchirsch ) july 14 , 2014 classic khamenei : 1 ) express support for negotiations 2 ) undermine negotiators by setting impossible red lines . kerry will hold in-depth discussions ... and , perhaps in a first , the nuclear matter is battling for full attention .
johnson said there would be more random covert testing at checkpoints . evan vucci/ap photo johnson on monday also released a six-point memo outlining actions he ’ s taken in wake of the security failures , including directing tsa leadership " to immediately revise its standard operating procedures for screening to address the specific vulnerabilities identified by the inspector general ’ s testing . " we take these findings very seriously in our continued effort to test , measure and enhance our capabilities and techniques as threats evolve . interested in ? in one test , the network said an undercover agent was stopped when he set off an alarm at a checkpoint but that tsa screeners then failed to find a fake explosive device taped to his back when they patted him down .
brandon huber , the employee who made the video , participated in the disposal of the food . as for ramifications , metro corral partners says the manager was terminated " for failing to follow approved food handling procedures . update : golden corral has just responded to huber ' s claims in the video ' s comments section ( thanks lamont ! a reddit user named gcwhistleblower posted four pictures of a kitchen overflowing with garbage near food that is spilling out of boxes . in general , restaurant chains appear uniquely vulnerable to such charges . , location .
" it ' s a slow process , but she ' s on the road to recovery , " a source close to the situation tells e ! rivers was getting her throat checked out . rivers , 81 , remained surrounded by family and friends in her room at mount sinai hospital . ( astrid stawiarz/getty images ) joan rivers ( l. — donald j. news exclusively . melissa rivers said . story_separator_special_tag university of denver official facebook page the official facebook page of the university of denver in denver , colorado . her grim-faced assistant , graham reed , left the hospital tuesday morning without comment .
whether it was because clinton was so well prepped , and trump was so breezily unprepared – or had a simple case of opening night jitters – the bully-boy nominee abandoned his most effective mode of debate combat , answering an attack with a harsher one . who won is not . story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . ” ... wsj ' s gerald f. here are five takeaways . seib explains . trump and his new-ish messaging team have labored mightily to turn the avatar of populist rage into a reasonable facsimile of someone who you could see sitting in the oval office .
réamhamharc story_separator_special_tag washington ( cnn ) a united states secret service agent died after suffering a stroke while supporting president donald trump ' s trip to scotland over the weekend , the secret service said wednesday . remagen , was working on protection for national security adviser john bolton on the midnight shift when he was found to be unresponsive by colleagues at trump ' s turnberry resort saturday night . an dtriailfidh tú arís é ? the 42-year-old agent , who is now being identified as special agent noel e. tuilleadh eolais add this video to your website by copying the code below .
” story continued below he further escalated his call on friday , telling the msnbc program “morning joe ” that he is fine with the country taking part in an “arms race ” if it puts the u.s. in a stronger position against foreign adversaries . " we need to strengthen the military potential of strategic nuclear forces , especially with missile complexes that can reliably penetrate any existing and prospective missile defence systems , " the kremlin strongman said . fifty very special soldiers . and outlast them all. i was not privy to that.
one-third of doctors said they acquiesced “often ” or “always ” ; another third gave in only “sometimes. paul a. offit , a pediatrician specializing in infectious diseases at the children ’ s hospital of philadelphia , who was not involved in the study . by contrast , her stance on vaccine delays is much more flexible . forty percent reported this issue had decreased their job satisfaction . physicians who reluctantly agreed said they did so to build trust with families and to avoid losing them as patients . a disproportionate amount of time is spent discussing vaccines during doctor visits , the survey also found .
kasich ’ s action is unprecedented in the nation in the case of an imminent execution , a death-penalty expert said . sweeney said his client was motivated “by love for his mom and for the desire to do something good . the department of rehabilitation and correction had denied phillips ' request earlier this week , citing logistics and security concerns , according to the ap . with phillips ' execution postponed , dennis mcguire may become the first inmate put to death using the new cocktail . under drc policy , state prison officials will conduct the initial compatibility tests .
” demi ’ s rock bottom – at just 19 years old – was found at the bottom of a soda bottle . ” lovato ’ s mother , dianna , also weighed in during the interview admitting , “i suspected [ she was using drugs ] . ” photos : stars who have been photographed naked — with or without their permission ! “i would smuggle it basically and just wait until everyone in first class would go to sleep and i would do it right there . i ’ ve really never talked about this stuff before … i don ’ t know if i should be sharing this .
we love the name exploding kittens , but we don ' t want to hurt kittens . so if you ' re into card games or laser beams or weaponized enchiladas , please help us make this game a reality . in the vein of russian roulette , players go around in a circle , drawing cards from a deck , until one of them picks up an exploding kitten . thanks to weberz for providing dedicated server hosting for this website . story_separator_special_tag all artwork and content on this site is copyright © 2018 matthew inman . not cool , buddy .
" that is why i have asked professor sir bruce keogh , nhs medical director , to write to all nhs hospital trusts , to make it clear that it must stop now . one devastated mother who suffered a miscarriage was told her child would be ‘incinerated with the rest of the day ’ s waste ’ . " sands , the stillbirth and neonatal death charity , said the practice of incinerating pre-24 week foetuses is unacceptable and that whenever possible , cremation should be used instead . last night health minister dan poulter stepped in to order an immediate ban on incinerating foetal remains .
— — responding to the news friday that the fbi was rekindling its investigation into clinton ’ s emails , rush limbaugh speculated that the bureau was simply trying to redirect voters ’ attention away from wikileaks ’ ongoing release of emails hacked from clinton campaign manager john podesta . we had the acknowledgement of how democrats and republican would immediately shift allegiances and their views of comey . ! ! ” in a crowded theater . now ds who were savaging comey a few days ago will praise him &amp; gopers who were behind him will turn on him again .
' " wonder woman " in its second weekend . gal gadot ’ s comic book adaptation from warner bros. is easily on track to triumph over universal ’ s intended tentpole “the mummy ” in its opening weekend . those numbers will add up to a two-week total of $ 42 million for “captain underpants. it sold a modest $ 6 million in tickets in its debut weekend . 3 this week . “guardians of the galaxy vol . 2 to no . the reboot of the brendan frasier franchise earned only $ 12 million from 4,035 screenings on friday , projecting a dead-on-arrival domestic debut of just $ 30 million .
instead , it seems , the shape of a person ’ s social network is a powerful signal that can identify one ’ s spouse or romantic partner — and even if a relationship is likely to break up . simply put : you have more friends in common with your closest friends than with your acquaintances . relying on embeddedness , they were able to accurately predict facebook users ' significant others 24.7 percent of the time . the data was used anonymously . so says a new research paper written by jon kleinberg , a computer scientist at cornell university , and lars backstrom , a senior engineer at facebook .
russian as npr ' s domenico montanaro reports , the firing of comey with more than six years left on his term in office has prompted a flurry of questions about the president ' s motives — and about what ' s next . trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) 10 may 2017 " we hope that it will not affect them at all . play facebook twitter embed pres . /tass/ . they also discussed ways to improve relations between the two countries , the statement added . you ’ re kidding , you ’ re kidding , ” he said during a brief press conference at the state department before making a face , shaking his head and leaving the room .
13 about a juvenile walking around in a white doctor ' s lab coat and carrying a stethoscope who was telling people he was a doctor . police and hospital staff agreed to not charge him with a crime . ” the teen ’ s mother rushed to the scene , saying her son has an illness . “he presented himself with a patient of our practice and introduced himself as dr. kent said . security footage showed the boy entering the lobby from the parking lot . kjacobson@sunsentinel.com , 561-243-6547 or twitter @katejacobson story_separator_special_tag west palm beach , fla.
" she said . hepatitis b and c and hiv can be transmitted if tattooing equipment is not cleaned and sterilised properly between users . the case came before the court because the baby ' s father raised concerns about the mother ' s tattoo during a bitter parenting dispute . " women do need to be careful . shouldn ' t be allowed to breast feed ? australian breastfeeding association ' s rebecca naylor chief executive officer rebecca naylor said she is worried a dangerous precedent could be set . he also said it was " disappointing " that the mother had smoked cannabis on may 22 while she was breastfeeding .
al jazeera america will be available to nearly half of the country ' s 100 million television subscribers on tuesday afternoon when it overtakes current tv ' s distribution network , which it acquired in january for $ 500m . this undated publicity image released by al-jazeera america shows news anchor john seigenthaler . but with carriage comes concessions . “we ’ re here because we think our journalistic mission has something to offer america , during crises in the middle east , the channel and online stream are one of the few resources americans have providing live , extensive coverage of events .
but this isn ’ t like somebody that ’ s stood with a gun and he ’ s taken the blame or he ’ s admitted that he ’ s killed . ” “there are a lot of killers , ” trump replied . russian interference in the 2016 presidential election campaign dogged trump throughout his election and transition , as intelligence agencies delivered increasingly urgent assessments of russian efforts to hack emails belonging to the democratic national committee and advisers of trump rival hillary clinton . i have no idea . 3 , 2017. a summit meeting has been mooted by both governments .
the truth is that a general election win by clinton — she ’ s very likely to become the democratic nominee — is roughly a 50/50 proposition . voters are more desperate now , and in a far worse mood . of course , not everybody who follows politics professionally believes this . it has been difficult to mediate between the two theories , since the outcome at the polls supports the theory of both the proponents and the skeptics her leakers say she ’ ll avoid big events , rallies , stadiums , that sort of thing . here ’ s why : incumbency and obama ’ s approval rating .
" as we practiced , the energy was just building and everyone was feeling how great it was to work together and send this positive message , " yost said . and , in case you were wondering . ” yost cited the cohesiveness of the class and approval of the administration to rehearse the dance routine for its success . yost , who wants to be a heart surgeon , is headed to princeton in the fall , where he plans to major in chemical and biological engineering . " he then stepped back and began shaking it as taylor swift ' s hit came on over the gym ' s loudspeakers .
south korea ' s military is expected to have an anthrax vaccine developed by the end of 2019 , the country ' s defence ministry said . earlier in december , a white house report raised fears that north korea was developing chemical and biological weapons that could be " delivered by missile . the program , aimed to shape biological detection capabilities , is ongoing , according to sisa . file photo by keizo mori/upi &#124; license photo dec. south korean authorities did not identify the soldier , who was either exposed to or vaccinated for anthrax , but did confirm he had developed immunity to the deadly disease before he defected , local news network channel a reported tuesday .
“in hollywood , i ’ m obese . i never thought we ’ d have such different opinions on asses , " she said . ” and despite being crowned hollywood ’ s latest ' it girl ' , she ’ s not about to splurge on a mansion just yet . ” the hunger games star said she worked hard to set a good example for young fans when getting in shape to play katniss everdeen . your email address sign up now ! “i ’ ve always lived in a tiny rat-infested apartment in new york , or a little condo in la or a normal house in kentucky .
consumers have taken to social media this week to criticize an ad in bloomingdale ’ s holiday catalog that some interpreted as encouraging date rape . the majority of the comments , networked insights said , are negative . write to suzanne vranica at suzanne.vranica@wsj.com the text reads : “spike your best friend ’ s eggnog when they ’ re not looking. ” bloomingdale ’ s has apologized for the ad . bloomingdale ’ s is the latest company to see how quickly controversy can spread thanks in part to social media . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
he was the beloved first born son of john and hallie twomey , arriving on july 3 , 1989 in stoneham , massachusetts . his smile brought joy to his friends and his family alike . cj loved adventure and considered himself a bit of an adrenaline junky . so , this mother made a request on facebook . the rocket spent a few minutes in space before landing in the nearby white sands missile range . " i have never experienced such a collective sort of hug , " she said . there are only two rules for helping scatter c.j.
" the expression can wreak havoc on relationships , as highlighted by this comic video from 2013 explaining the affliction popularly known as resting bitch face ( rbf ) , or sometimes , bitchy resting face . just another reason to note that the music and fashion mogul is super special . ( jason merritt/getty images ) queen elizabeth has it . [ facebook ’ s ‘teen dating ’ groups are every parent ’ s nightmare come to life ] and how exactly does a piece of software measure contempt in story_separator_special_tag we all know that face . kristen stewart of “twilight ” fame , often considered the poster girl for rbf .
this article is over 1 year old hollywood reporter says ceo bob iger has told employees that film would be released in segments online unless hackers were paid in bitcoin pirates of the caribbean 5 : hackers threaten to post film online unless disney pays ransom hackers claim to have plundered walt disney ’ s forthcoming pirates of the caribbean film and are threatening to release it unless the studio pays a ransom , it was reported on monday . javier bardem joins the franchise as an undead captain . disney did not immediately respond to a guardian query seeking confirmation .
radel , his family , and his constituents. radel , 37 , was charged with misdemeanor possession of cocaine in d.c. superior court on tuesday . he is a former journalist and radio talk believe me , i am disappointed in myself , and i stand ready to face the story_separator_special_tag u.s. rep. he said he struggles “with the disease of alcoholism , and this led to an extremely irresponsible choice . radel then allegedly bought cocaine from an undercover agent in washington ' s dupont circle neighborhood . connie mack ( r-fla. ) , who ran for the senate .
skip - israeli police arrest teen for ' hundreds ' of bomb threats against jewish centers worldwide israeli police arrest teen for ' hundreds ' of bomb threats against jewish centers worldwide haaretz the suspect has lived in israel many years . in one case , an airline had to make an emergency landing , rosenfeld said . upon searching his computer , the fbi confirmed the arrest and said in a statement it could not provide further information . a months-long international investigation led to the 19-year-old suspect , who used " advanced camouflage technologies " to cover his tracks , police spokesman micky rosenfeld said .
detective gardner says the dog also found graham ' s scent at hessian hills apartments , at the passenger side door of matthew ' s car , the entrance to matthew ' s building and at the door frame of his apartment . ------------- charlottesville , va. ___ this story he is serving a life prison term for a 2005 attempted murder and sexual assault in northern virginia . mooney . prosecutors are seeking the death penalty . follow abc 13 for the latest on air and online . is expected to be held on monday .
" the spanish minister for europe , diego lopez garrido , had said on sunday that up to half of the flights across europe could operate on monday . the flight bans came amid fears that the ash - a mixture of glass , sand and rock particles - can seriously damage aircraft engines . analysis robert peston , bbc business editor the two biggest british airlines are incurring painful losses . airspace remains closed , or partially closed , in more than 20 countries . the international air transport association ( iata ) has criticised european governments ' response .
for more photos of loughner ' s house and the scene of the shooting , click the above image . ” that was it . * tierney , who ’ s also 22 , recalls loughner complaining about a giffords event he attended during that period . ' " he told usa today . ) , in tucson — jared lee loughner phoned an old and close friend with whom he had gone to high school and college . current laws are not strict enough . peace out . adjunct prof. later. any infringement upon gun owners ' rights is an infringement upon the 2nd amendment .
tommy ong , a longtime friend of ha ’ s , said ha told him during the games that people traveled to the house on huntington to buy prescription drugs . wichita man arrested for alleged murder of girlfriend pizza delivery driver found dead in car trunk in east wichita the could hear it ringing and ringing . the city ' s 31st and 32nd occurred the following day . they heard at least two shots from what sounded like a handgun . never miss a local story . “she was panicking . ” the detective said he would let them know if investigators needed anything else .
" he said he was simply removing staples from a bulletin board , and when he turned around to talk to the kids and tell them to stop talking he had the knife in his hand , " said romero . the principal called police . bernalillo public schools superintendent allan tapia didn ' t immediately return a message seeking comment . nagurksi faces charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and possession of an unlawful weapon . nagurski was jailed on $ 10,000 bail . some students in class were chatting during the exam , police said .
jordan , who clifton described as " very talkative " after rescuers were able to free her from the car , told her mother she does not remember her father speeding before the crash . jordan suffered only non-life threatening injuries and is expected to make jordan was transported to pitt county memorial hospital . instead , she believes a tire blew on the monte carlo . landon was driving over 100 mph , according to the investigating trooper . " for a 9-year-old to do that it ' s pretty heroic . leohmann thinks a half-dollar sized hole in the car ' s right rear wheel is evidence of a blowout ; the tow operator who hauled the car out of the ditch says the hole could be evidence of such an incident .
it ' s unclear why the group claims 60 people were wounded or killed . interested in isis ? officers are trained to use minimal force to stop even potentially deadly assailants , but cops must make split-second decisions that require them to determine who is a deadly threat and who is not . they will pay a big price for every attack on us ! " based on that , the military has hit isis ' much harder ' over the last two days . " ..... — donald j. trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) november 3 , 2017 ...
first time a piece was found by one of us . image copyright epa image caption the search for the malaysia airlines plane is due to end in early 2017 " it has been an heroic undertaking but we have to prepare ourselves for the prospect that we may not find mh370 in the coming weeks , although we remain hopeful , " australian transport minister darren chester told the west australian newspaper . several countries including australia and china story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . grace subathirai nathan ' s mother vanished without trace in march 2014.
later on wednesday , the white house also announced that lindsay reynolds would be joining the first lady ’ s team as her chief of staff . interested in melania trump ? vice president mike pence and neil gorsuch brought their wives . " mrs. ( ap photo/evan vucci ) ( associated press ) dover air force base , del . 1 , 2017 . even trump ' s sons donald jr. trump herself hasn ’ t been in washington since her husband ’ s inauguration weekend , and it ’ s not clear when she will return .
( in june the fairy tale gets another makeover in “snow white and the huntsman. but it ' s great to look at . mirror , mirror ( out of 4 ) starring julia roberts , lily collins , armie hammer and nathan lane . women don ’ t escape the fairytale slap-down entirely , however ; the villain is still a vain old gal who can ’ t deal with all of her stepdaughter ’ s fabulousness . but this snow white will see to her own destiny . mpaa rating : pg ( some fantasy action and mild rude humor ) .
in court , rotondo noted that his parents did story_separator_special_tag a 30-year-old man was ordered to vacate his parents ' syracuse area home tuesday after they sued him because he refused to leave.after the judge ' s ruling , son michael rotondo said , " this is outrageous " and said he would appeal the decision.rotondo ' s parents said he wouldn ' t leave the house despite several notices . the court fight made the late late show with james corden . greenwood provided a copy of the appellate court decision that overrode the case that rotondo cited .
“i believe he was a scapegoat for the government ’ s use of the top-echelon informant program that was in place for the fbi back in the ’ 70s and early ’ 80s , when john was running bulger and flemmi . connolly jr. “this conviction is a nullity , ” alvarez said . “mr . ” michael von zamft , who prosecuted connolly in florida , pledged to continue the legal battle to keep him in prison . now they are citing a technicality ? get metro headlines in your inbox : the 10 top local news stories from metro boston and around new england delivered daily .
zahid khan , a spokesman for bilour ' s political party , said the minister ' s action is not representative of the awami national party . " we believe in nonviolence . anti-us sentiment grew after a trailer for the film dubbed into arabic was released on youtube earlier this month . sunday saw a fresh round of protests over the film in pakistan , nigeria , greece and turkey . six people were arrested . sen. taliban and al qaeda are our enemies who have killed our loved ones . most passed off peacefully , but in the greek capital athens , riot police and demonstrators clashed .
he was part of the canadian curling team that beat great britain ' s curlers in the sochi 2014 final . " i will strive to become a better version of myself while contributing positively to the sport and curling community that i love so much . in a statement , fry apologised for his behaviour . ... " we ' re all very disappointed , " jacobs said from sault ste . marie , ont. harnden , ryan harnden and alternate caleb flaxey . the group reportedly broke brooms and damaged locker rooms . after receiving numerous complaints from opponents and spectators , the tournament committee at the red deer curling centre was compelled to intervene .
" over 500 illegal barbecue grills in beijing were destroyed on tuesday amid the city ' s efforts to fight air pollution and lingering foggy weather , " state media xinhua reported on tuesday . chinese health officials say that lung cancer rates are rising among the city ' s more than 20 million residents . the city government announced last month that emergency measures such as factory shutdowns and traffic limits would kick in when air pollution levels are particularly heavy . ( reporting by paul carsten ; editing by alison williams ) story_separator_special_tag beijing is waging a war against air pollution and it is doing so one barbecue at a time .
in a statement to buzzfeed , harpercollins said that it had " investigated the sales pattern for ted cruz ’ s book " and " found no evidence of bulk orders or sales through any retailer or organization . at first , the reason that cruz wasn ' t being included weren ' t clear . for example : update , 4 : 00 p.m. ( ap photo/andrew harnik ) perhaps the only thing better for sen. “the times is presumably embarrassed by having their obvious partisan bias called out . “and , if you cannot do so , then issue a public apology to senator cruz and harper collins editor adam bellow for making false charges against them.
johnston was piloting flight #550 from phoenix to boston early monday morning when he fell ill , " american airlines said in a statement . an airline spokesperson confirmed the incident to abc news and said it is " incredibly saddened " and is focusing on taking care of the family members and crew involved . 12news.com - ariz. this aug. — lulusaurus-rex ( @lulakilla ) october 5 , 2015 anderson , who was flying home to boston after competing in a race in california over the weekend , said she slept during most of the trip but remembers the pilot ' s voice filling the cabin at the start of the flight .
" this person is not breaking the law , " said captain kevin warych of the green bay police department . police say they ' ve received a few calls about the clown . " krause explains in the post that all the photos used in the original viral post were photographed in may of 2016. a local filmmaker has stepped forward , claiming responsibility for gags the clown on facebook . update : the mystery of green bay ' s ' creepy clown ' is finally over . , monday , august 8. the clown wears a soiled-looking jumpsuit with a ruffled collar .
check out which celebs will be on a college campus this fall , and let us know if we missed any : loading slideshow alex linz - uc berkeley remember him from <em>home alone 3</em> ? miranda cosgrove - university of southern california of nickelodeon fame chet hanks - northwestern university also known as " chet haze , " the rapper . so really , it ' s just safe to assume these days that franco is taking a class somewhere . he isn ' t . in addition , emma watson is coming back from a year at oxford in the united kingdom to study stateside again .
and amanda knox was doing just that as she appeared hand-in-hand with her new lover in seattle today . since then , both families have kept very low profiles , and friday ’ s interview on the program “quarto grado ” was sollecito ’ s first time being interviewed since he got out of prison . the 27-year-old said knox invited him to visit her in the u.s. but that he does not know if or when he will go . the mail on sunday can reveal that knox , 24 – dubbed ‘foxy knoxy ’ – has embarked on a romance with an old friend , handsome classical guitar student james terrano .
all deuterostomes had a common ancestor , and we think that is what we are looking at here . coronaries was large for its teensy body , the creature doesn ' t appear to have an anus . the microscopic sea animal is the earliest known step on the evolutionary path that led to fish and - eventually - to humans . ( " saccus " means " sac " in latin , and " rhytis " means " wrinkle " in greek. ) s. image copyright jian han , northwest university , china image caption saccorhytus was also covered with a thin , relatively flexible skin and muscles .
the russian president , vladimir putin , expressed his condolences to the families and friends of those who died in the crash and ordered the government to set up a special commission to investigate . the country ' s transportation minister said there were no survivors . witnesses said the plane , an antonov an-148 aircraft , was in flames as it fell from the sky . 11 , 2018 .... they said they had opened a criminal case into the incident . other reports said one of the plane ’ s engines may have exploded before the crash .
it shows presley , a service dog , and the photo in west monroe ’ s good hope middle school yearbook has been drawing a lot of attention since it started bouncing around the internet last week . ware said her son ' s response was , “why not. the genetic condition causes progressive muscle weakness and muscle wasting , with most patients confined to wheelchairs by the time they are teens . " the administrators ' gesture has also gained traction on social media . “and if presley hears someone say , ‘oh , look at the pretty puppy , ' she perks right up because she knows she ’ s pretty.
abdeslam was wounded in a gunbattle with authorities in an anti-terror raid in the brussels ' suburb of molenbeek . lieve reynebeau , who works on the street where abdeslam was captured , said she heard loud noises and then looked out to see police all around the scene . the belgian asylum minister theo francken declared , " we got him " , referring to 26-year-old salah abdeslam , europe ' s most wanted man . play video " watch : explosions at terror raid " video : watch : explosions at terror raid french president francois hollande and belgian pm charles michel left a meeting of eu leaders in brussels on migration amid news of the raid .
a scan at nine weeks showed ectopia cordis , with the heart and part of the stomach growing externally , the hospital said in a news release . " naomi said having a termination was " not something she could do " . vanellope had been due on christmas eve but was delivered by caesarean section on 22 november in order to reduce the chances of infection and damage to the heart . photograph : university hospitals of leiceste/pa the couple said they were told the first 10 minutes after birth were crucial as her ability to breathe would when we did the research , we just couldn ’ t physically look because the condition came with so many problems.
il mistero del cappotto - sollecito durante l ’ intervista a oggi indossa un cappotto grigio foderato di pelo . i really want to see her again , to speak with her and look into her eyes . story_separator_special_tag ' we need each other ... we spent four years in a circle of hell , we suffered unspeakably and it ruined our lives . che confusione ! lo stesso che aveva addosso amanda knox il 3 novembre 2007 , quando la polizia scientifica compiva rilievi nella villetta di via della pergola , amanda e raffaele aspettavano sull ’ uscio .
" >> you did not know at the time that you had thyroid cancer , that you would never be able to speak again . his ability to craft an exhilarating rave of a film was equally matched by his stinging zingers . in fact he ' s busier than ever with a new memoir called " life itself . it is filled with innocence , hope , and good cheer . ebert tweeted -- friends don ' t let jackasses drink and drive . they were stars , their routine became legendary . e.t. naturally , i felt awful .
while critical acclaim and monetary success can only be measured long after actors ' contracts are signed and a movie is released , man of steel grossed around $ 290 million domestically , while wonder woman , which is still in theaters , is up to $ 274 million , and was made for a far lower production budget . the source called the latter figure " ridiculous . then again , robert downey jr. your average anesthesiologist makes more than that in a year . there was one person who cashed in on the superman phenomena . gadot ' s deal will very likely be renegotiated .
“i didn ’ t know what to say , ” orach said . a broken foot kept her out of the race in 2015 , and she won in 2016 despite an achilles injury . orach tells the newspaper he ' d suffered a heat stroke with his core body temperature peaking at 107.3 degrees . “so do you disqualify them both ? gomez told the portland press herald that orach " gave it more than i did " and deserved to be the top maine finisher among nearly 6,500 competitors . cape elizabeth — oh boy .
they put the scaffold in a nutrient solution along with stem cells extracted from the pigs . but that procedure , called an autograft , creates a whole new bone injury that can be painful and slow to heal . several such techniques have made it to large animal testing — a key step in proving they ’ re worth trying in humans . “the pigs woke up , and a half-hour later they were eating , ” said gordana vunjak-novakovic , a professor of biomedical engineering at columbia university . we do not capture any email address .
globally , the number of ultra-rich individuals rose by 13 % last year to more than 250,000. university of wisconsinarchive-it partner since : aug , 2007organization type : colleges &amp; universitiesorganization url : http://archives.library.wisc.edu this collection currently includes two distinct sub-collections : the uw-madison collection and the stem cell research archives project.the uw-madison collection includes university of wisconsin web sites that document many aspects of campus life including university administration , colleges , departments , and major campus organizations , student life , research , buildings , and special and ongoing events . no single city in mainland china made it into wealth-x ' s top 10 in terms of its number of super-rich individuals .
duran ’ s custody status was not immediately story_separator_special_tag felicia barahona , 36 , was found dead with her 4-year-old son monday morning . click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the true crime newsletter . barahona as a malefactor or a punch line . building near riverside drive . ms. advertisement continue reading the main story mr. under “intense questioning , ” people ’ s source alleges that duran “owned up ” to the killings — at one point “referencing satan. the boy was found face-down , floating in the filled tub , the source says .
and he shot his son . according to the arrest report , blackwell sr. the younger blackwell , who just graduated from new smyrna beach high where he was a star weightlifter , had just broken up a fight between his father and his mother , windy blackwell , griffith said , and the elder blackwell was not pleased with the interference . [ listen : held on no bond at volusia jail evan lambert in orange county . scary to see this happen so close to home . you ' ve got it . one right after another .
president donald trump threatened to hit car exports from the european union with a retaliatory tax , escalating a brewing global fight with u.s. trading partners triggered by newly announced 25 percent u.s. tariffs on imported steel and aluminum . in 2016 , the eu shipped more than 6 million cars abroad , and the u.s. big trade imbalance ! prime minister justin trudeau stands during question period on parliament hill in ottawa on feb. the move also prompted e.u . " dieter kempf , head of the federation of german industries , warns that trump was risking a “spiral of protectionism ” that in the end would cost american jobs , as well as those in germany and the rest of europe , the new york times reported .
twitter exploded with excitement as fans and critics discussed the incident , and kim ' s protective sisters khloe and kourtney tweeted their own thoughts on the flour-bombing . the glamorous reality tv star was strutting her stuff on the red carpet at the charity launch of her fragrance , true reflection , at the london hotel in los angeles when one woman kicked up a right stink by lobbing the white powder at her perfectly made-up face . more : kim kardashian : " sometimes you don ' t want to hear what your family has to say " hello , you either have javascript turned off or an old version of adobe ' s flash player .
in pictures : yulin meat festival 6 show all in pictures : yulin meat festival 1/6 yulin meat festival a man selling live dogs for meat dog meat for sale at dongkou market , yulin , guangxi zhuang , china ( photo by sipa asia/rex ) 2/6 yulin meat festival a dog vendor lifts up a dog to protest against animal rights activists coming to block the local dog meat festival ( photo : epa/li ke china out ) 3/6 yulin meat festival dog meat for sale at dongkou market in yulin ( photo by sipa asia/rex ) 4/6 yulin meat festival dog meat for sale at dongkou market , yulin ( photo by sipa asia/rex ) 5/6 yulin meat festival dog meat for sale at dongkou market in yulin ( photo by sipa asia/rex ) 6/6 yulin meat festival animal rights activists in rome try to reach the embassy of china to protest against the festival of yulin , but are blocked by the police ( stefano montesi/demotix/corbis ) indeed , it has been reported that business is only getting better for the dog story_separator_special_tag peter li is a china policy specialist at humane society international .
much of the film ' s comedy rests on the ferrell character ' s fears of being raped in prison , and among his preparations is an attempt to have oral sex with a gay man in a bathroom stall . ' and that road to friendship ensues . " ( ap photo/warner bros. we provoke . entertainment inc. " it really kind of got me mad . " and after peeling off some of the layers to their onion , they realize that , ' oh my god , this isn ' t the person i thought it was from the jump .
in a related development , rich lowry of the national review shares a comment from an unnamed romney adviser who describes as " horses**t " reports that the romney campaign " knows it ' s losing and that ohio is slipping out of reach " in the wake of a weekend automated poll by the democratic firm public policy polling ( ppp ) showing obama with a 5 percentage point lead in ohio : nobody in boston thinks we ' re going to lose . you look at new mexico closing up . we had a 4-5 point bounce after our convention and it evaporated when they had theirs .
all of them are charged with assault and battery on a police officer . the 200-person scuffle at one point saw people throwing chairs at police , causing officers to deploy their tasers , according to nbc affiliate whdh-tv . the crowd joined in and the officer called for backup . stoughton , mass . but it only escalated . some of the police and partygoers were injured , but none were serious . ( copyright ( c ) 2013 sunbeam television . this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed. club members say they had rented out the room for the private party , but they never expected to see a baby shower get so ugly .
the performance also marked a return for the dixie chicks , who hadn ' t attended the cma awards in some time . " last year , i sat across the street at a bar and watched this show . underwood won female vocalist of the year , ending lambert ' s six-year consecutive winning streak since 2010. " everybody get on your feet . " " i gotta first thank the lord ... misunderstood " and morris picked up new artist of the year . bush over a decade ago . i never thought as a songwriter i ' d be standing here today , " she said .
netanyahu . " in contrast to his previous remarks , netanyahu wrote friday that " the decision to move from a policy of deporting jews to the final solution was made by the nazis and was not dependent on outside influence . husseini . mr. we know that responsibility for this crime against humanity is german and very much our own . netanyahu posted on facebook , in hebrew and english . netanyahu in a speech on oct. he quoted the mufti as saying , “if you expel them , they ’ ll all come here , ” referring to palestine , and then said hitler had asked , “so what should i do with them ?
seven-year-old grayson powell bowled the game of his life to win his team of three a youth bowling tournament in the newfoundland city of st john ’ s on saturday . nothing was said . " sad . grayson was wearing faded black jeans – which were evidently not black enough . " for [ davis ] to go back to corner brook saying that , ' we won a provincial medal ' — no . when asked by a cbc reporter how the disqualification made him feel , he had only one word . the reason ? ( eddy kennedy/cbc ) grayson took part in a 15-minute warm-up .
" if there is a statue to be relocated it should be jefferson davis , the leader of the confederacy , " mandalapu said . lee and albert sidney johnston — will remain on the university ’ s south mall , but fenves will consider adding explanatory plaques to place them in historical context . , was shown in a photo with the confederate battle flag . editor ' s note : this story has been updated throughout . “robert e. s.c. its report presented five options , four of which involved moving some or all of the statues to a history center on campus .
” several companies already offer tests that can detect cancer dna in the blood of patients with late-stage cancers . " " we still need to improve the sensitivity , but this is a step forward . early detection and intervention are likely to be the most effective means for reducing morbidity and mortality of human cancer . for the study , the team screened blood samples from patients with breast , lung , ovarian and colorectal cancers , looking for 58 genes typically linked with these cancers . victor velculescu . dr. they also tried the test on 44 healthy patients , and showed it did not detect any cancer-derived mutations .
a total of seven horses were saved , grant said two died from exhaustion , and one from injuries sustained during the ordeal . ” grant said the type of horses that fell through the thin ice also made the entire rescue more challenging . about 35 regional firefighters and members of a search and rescue team responded to the call about 65 kilometres west of grande prairie , which came in at around 4 : 15 p.m. firefighters used chainsaws to cut pathways to the shore . ' that ice can change in a matter of hours . " story_separator_special_tag ctv news has obtained dramatic video showing a number of horses being rescued from a frozen dugout in northern alberta over the weekend .
chicago woman was real-life stalker from ' the natural ' ruth ann steinhagen , the chicago woman who shot an ex-cubs player in 1949 and inspired ' the natural ' story , dies at 83 the 19-year-old ' s crime , which put a spotlight on stalking crimes , nearly killed waitkus , 29 , and temporarily sidetracked his career . ( associated press ) file - in this feb. " i was amazed . i then looked her up and saw all that stuff . her death had gone unreported and was only discovered when the tribune was searching death records for another story .
it has been displayed often since the menil collection opened in 1987 and has been loaned to other museums , including the museum of modern art in new york . the painting now needs to rest . molly.glentzer@chron.com the witness told channel 2 the man identified himself as an up-and-coming mexican-american artist looking to honor picasso ' s work . he fled and wasn ' t caught . " meantime , houston police confirm the case is under very active investigation as " criminal mischief , " a crime carries a maximum penalty of two years in jail .
" the nature and source of the attack is under investigation , but it was a sophisticated attack across multiple attack vectors and internet locations , " kyle york , dyn ’ s chief strategy officer , wrote in a company blog post on saturday . say they ' re looking into a robbery . ] net. where was the break-in point ? hackers essentially weaponized video cameras to send unmanageable amounts of traffic to dyn ' s servers , causing much of the internet to slow to a crawl . ” flashpoint does not believe there was any political motivation behind the attacks .
“trump is an embarrassment for the party . “once again , donald trump has demonstrated that he hasn ’ t seriously thought through the issues , and he ’ ll say anything just to get attention , ” mr. because ronald reagan signed one of the toughest abortion laws in favor of abortion in california that had been signed in many , many years . and by the way , you know who else evolved ? gov . ” for republicans , the chaos felt something like a recurring nightmare . ( jenny starrs/the washington post ) “i ’ m pro-life , and i was originally pro-choice .
" the unknown person then handed greenfield a knife , which she thought was a prop knife . we have not been contacted by the police , but we will cooperate fully with any official investigation . the group of friends at the nashville haunted house last friday night decided to play along , so when the thin figure with a straw hat asked one of the women if one of her friends was " fucking around with her , " she said yes . story_separator_special_tag nashville , tenn. greenfield told us she even joked saying , " ha , ha gotcha !
the victim alleged that the vehicle had six men and two of them raped her at a location she could not identify , and then dropped her in manali . we are checking video footages . police opened an investigation . the woman had been trying to reunite with friends who had already left for the nearby town of keylong after they all arrived in manali a few days earlier . kullu superintendent of police ( sp ) padam chand said , " the medical examination has been carried out and sent mandi for expert opinion . “a search operation is on to arrest the remaining four accused .
it plans to preserve kate spade ' s ( kate ) " brand independence " and retain key staff . coach is buying rival luxury handbag , clothing ... the deal is expected to close in the third quarter of 2017 and add to adjusted earnings in fiscal 2018 , coach added . coach has made an aggressive push to polish its image as a purveyor of opulence , ending noting that crucial demographic , coach inc. its shares hit a three-year low in december before takeover rumors began to swirl . in may of last year , coach splashed out on popular shoe maker stuart weitzman .
the man wasn ' t charged , and the lawsuit claims investigators and university officials mishandled her allegations . tuscaloosa , ala. leroy maxwell jr. also named in the suit is tuscaloosa sheriff ronald abernathy , for allegedly failing to properly train his department in how to handle sexual assault reports . " megan ultimately was treated as a crime suspect and her status as a victim of a sex crime was completely disregarded , " the suit said . , rondini ' s alleged rapist , could not immediately be reached for comment . the young woman withdrew from alabama and returned home to texas , where her mental condition deteriorated , according to the complaint .
a spartanburg county sheriff ' s investigative report says kohlhepp " confessed to investigators that he shot and killed " the owner , service manager , mechanic and bookkeeper of superbike motorsports , a high-performance motorcycle shop in chesnee , south carolina . human remains were uncovered sunday at one of those sites , wright said . clevenger said he died of multiple gunshot wounds . the associated press is not naming the woman because the suspect is a sex offender , though authorities have not said whether she was sexually assaulted . after kohlhepp was denied bond , magistrate judge jimmy henson said a circuit court could revisit the issue of bond later .
santorum ’ s strategy has been to bloody gingrich , outlast his one-time ally and then emerge as the eventual alternative to front-runner romney . paul is building off a decent base of support in minnesota , where he drew nearly 16 percent of the 2008 vote . romney ' s victory capped a week that began with his double-digit win in the florida primary . , paul said the state ’ s caucus system “rewards people who believe in something. ( ap photo/evan ... they are looking for leaders. former pennsylvania sen. ” in chanhassen , minn.
a " grazing " occultation , when the star appears to slide right along the edge of the moon , is especially cool , assky and telescope notes : " you ' ll probably see aldebaran disappear and reappear several times in the darkness just barely off the moon ' s dazzlingly sunlit north polar region , " the magazine said . 19 ) . late tuesday night ( oct. , it will happen between 1 and 2 a.m. edt . [ planets , constellations and orionid meteors in oct. get ready for a lunar occultation tuesday night .
trump said . the current top rate is 39.6 percent and the lowest rate is 10 percent . it ’ s not going to help , " trump said of the well-to-do in a speech in indianapolis . " i ' m doing the right thing . the missing information will show if the plan lives up to trump ' s claims , and how much the tax cuts would add to the deficit . “they can call me all they want . ( sept. 27 , 2017 . but congress still has to fill in many important details before bringing to a vote legislation trump hopes to sign before the end of the year .
they will now be awash with a computerized technology that will not distinguish information and knowledge . from national universities and liberal arts colleges to a-plus schools for b students , find the right one for you . the united states has always been in afghanistan . a lot can change in just 18 years , but these same 18 years also make up the mindset — or “event horizon ” — of today ’ s entering college students . nonetheless , they plan to enjoy college . ) is to them a great hollywood director . beloit , wis.
story_separator_special_tag the influential conservative website redstate fired a handful of prominent writers on friday in a move that appeared motivated , at least in part , by purging the outlet of anti-trump voices . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . “but [ redstate ] kept all the pro-trump ones . related : trump ' s call to ' fox and friends ' explains why we don ' t hear much from him redstate writers work on contract and are paid based on the amount of traffic to their posts . “any opinion site that fires people en masse because of a particular point of view is sending a message , “ fired columnist patterico wrote on twitter .
johnny bobbitt says he ' s concerned that mark d ' amico and katie mcclure have mismanaged a large part of the donations raised for him on gofundme . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ( associated press ) mount holly , n.j. story_separator_special_tag this photo taken aug. christopher c. 10. at first , mcclure showed her gratitude to bobbitt by providing him with food , clothes and some cash . but the relationship has since gone sour . , the homeless veteran who gave $ 20 for gas for kate mcclure , back on the streets with his brother .
by submitting your bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder . we ' ve made a few changes to bidding . this opens a help overlay dialogue about automatic bidding . " but caveat emptor , eager rob ford collectors : torontorobford currently has a feedback score of 0. close button . don ' t let it get away - place another bid . try raising your max bid . to be provided at checkout ( estimated and based on max bid ) ( estimated and based on max bid ) to be provided at checkout to be provided at checkout ( estimated and based on current bid ) ( estimated and based on current bid ) to be provided at checkout bid layer is updating the contents
top u.n. officials and government leaders from about 150 countries are uniting around an agreement on migration , while finding themselves on the defensive about the non-binding deal ... " the u.n. says more than 80 percent of the world ' s migrants move between countries " in a safe and orderly fashion . german chancellor angela merkel arrives to attend a un migration conference in marrakech , morocco , monday , dec.10 , 2018. how will it work ? at least nine countries . the u.n. no . the the debate over the global compact for migration , the first of its kind , has proven to be a pivotal test of the u.n.-led effort to crack down on the often dangerous and illegal movements across borders that have turned people smuggling into a booming worldwide industry .
" we stand united " on " team justice , " sacramento county district attorney anne marie schubert said tuesday . a week ago , prosecutors in tulare county charged deangelo with the murder of claude snelling in his visalia backyard in 1975. based on the pool of people on the genealogy website , investigators were then able to build a family tree of the unknown killer ’ s relatives , who had submitted their dna to the database on their own . deangelo is in custody in sacramento county and has not entered a plea . but no arrest was made for decades .
while the copyright was re- assigned to lee last year after legal action and pinkus was discharged as lee ’ s agent , he was still receiving royalties from the novel as of this year , according to the complaint . " the transfer of ownership of an author ' s copyright to her agent is incompatible with her agent ' s duty of loyalty ; it is a gross example of self-dealing , " the lawsuit says . the book has sold more than 30 million copies worldwide . the film version won three academy awards . pinkus , 13-3000 , u.s. district court , u.s. bankruptcy court , southern district of new york ( manhattan ) .
text size - + reset eliot spitzer on comptroller race , wall street reform a : i think the argument is , look what i ’ ve done . “he was raw and all there . eliot spitzer choked up on tuesday morning discussing the “pain ” he endured over the last five years , under intense questioning from msnbc ’ s “morning joe ” hosts . that ’ s actually a test of character . a common theme is a mingling of professional positions with sexual adventurism , and a seeming conviction that huge vulnerabilities in private lives would somehow not come to public light .
fenway is all about lore . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . every significant moment from every year is here , and then some . continue reading below related photos fenway park before 1950 fenway is a charmingly auditory experience , from the scalpers on brookline avenue ( “who needs tickets? ’ ’ williams ’ s monster bleacher shot knocking a hole in a fan ’ s straw hat . the royal rooters torturing visiting ballplayers with incessant renditions of “tessie.
in that case , he pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor in exchange for 15 days in jail . as the deputy walked out of the chevron store , miles allegedly ran up behind him , put a gun to the back of his head and fired . after miles was arraigned monday , anderson said investigators continue to look for a motive for friday ' s shooting . " he unloaded the entire weapon into deputy goforth , " she said — a 14-bullet clip , plus one that was already in the chamber . he did not enter a plea .
" labrie ' s conviction , however , ensures that he ' s added to the sex offender registry , hostin said . at the time of the assault , the accuser was 15 and labrie was an 18-year-old senior . behind him in the courtroom , his mother buried her head in her hands . ” labrie left the courthouse without comment , but his lawyer , j.w carney jr. sign up thank you for signing up ! kerry and “doonesbury ’ ’ creator garry trudeau . — former st. 29. labrie could face a sentence that includes several years in jail — a maximum of seven years on a computer enticement conviction , which is a felony , and as much as a year each on the four misdemeanors .
” i knew the process of going private would be challenging , but it ’ s clear that it would be even more time-consuming and distracting than initially anticipated . the board indicated that they agree . additionally , a number of institutional shareholders have explained that they have internal compliance issues that limit how much they can invest in a private company . after considering all of these factors , i met with tesla ’ s board of directors yesterday and let them know that i believe the better path is for tesla to remain public . our investors are extremely important to me .
lieve thienpont poses during an interview with the associated press , in ghent , belgium , one of the few countries that allow for euthanasia . “but we have to listen the sister accused the doctors of not having properly prepared the case and of taking a rushed decision when the woman had not been treated for mental issues for years . belgium and the netherlands became the first countries in the world to legalise so-called mercy killing , but it can only be carried out by doctors and under very strict conditions . the idea is that those with a psychiatric illness should be afforded the same rights as those suffering from a physical one .
( associated press ) pittsburgh ( ap ) — the latest on a deadly shooting at a pittsburgh synagogue ( all times local ) : 7 a.m. police say the suspect in the deadly mass shooting at a pittsburgh synagogue told officers that jews were committing genocide and that he wanted them all to die . david morse rice , a drifter and unemployed steelworker , was found guilty of those killings . 27 , 2018 . " bowers is charged with 11 counts of criminal homicide , six counts of aggravated assault and 13 counts of ethnic intimidation .
! ! " it was wonderful , " hardy said . josh ' s story drew national attention as his parents and supporters pushed the company to change its mind in online and media campaigns . the fda has committed to work expeditiously with chimerix on the design of a pivotal phase 3 study that would be a continuation of this pilot study , according to a press release from chimerix . jude children ’ s research center in memphis , tenn. “glory to god . ” wrote aimee hardy , josh ’ s mom , on her facebook page .
12 , trump fired off a series of tweets critical of her , including a retweet in which she was called a " bimbo " and another that remarked on her looks . “the conspiracy theories about megyn kelly ’ s vacation rank up there with ufo ' s , the moon landing and elvis being alive , ” the spokeswoman said . to imply otherwise , as donald trump and his campaign operatives have , is not only wildly irresponsible , but downright bizarre. john mccain ? mexican that quip didn ' t go over well .
it ' s electric ! to state otherwise is a falsehood and offends my legacy , the legacy of the singer marcia griffiths , and tarnishes the reputation of a song beloved by millions of fans the world over . " i ' m surprised it took people this long to figure out " the source tells us he said . you can ' t see it ( it ' s electric ! come let me take you on a party ride and i ' ll teach you , teach you , teach you i ' ll teach you the electric slide some say it ' s mystic ( it ' s electric boogie woogie
manafort and mr. as part of the fisa warrant , cnn has learned that earlier this year , the fbi conducted a search of a storage facility belonging to manafort . trump ’ s associates and russians . at least three witnesses have recently been subpoenaed to testify about mr. they went on until lawyers for the president and manafort insisted that they stop , according to the sources . those sessions are expected to begin soon . cobb and donald f. mr. mr. mueller ’ s request for 13 categories of documents , including records related to mr.
" i decided to cut into sophie out of curiosity and discovered a science experiment living inside , " chianese told goodhousekeeping.com . sophie wasn ’ t sold in the us at the time . the giraffe ’ s rise to fame is a starlet ’ s tale of obscure rural beginnings , an la discovery , and a few lucky breaks . and they like to suck on toys . its pupil-less eyes have the same blank , dazed expression newborns might recognize in the sleep-deprived parents dangling the toy above their crib . first lesson ? sophie sales match or surpass annual birth rates .
this time , “i was upset , but i wasn ’ t surprised , ” the actress adds . ” lake was working in london when she received a text on feb. ricki lake ’ s ex-husband christian evans has passed away . ” married in april 2012 , the two settled into their life together . ” cheyenne ellis kate szatmari lake first witnessed one of evans ’ manic episodes in september 2014 . 11 from that was him giving me permission to tell his story. “he was the funniest person . “it was horrific .
routers rely story_separator_special_tag links blog home archive edit in browser / _layouts/images/icxddoc.gif / blog/_layouts/formserver.aspx?xsnlocation={ itemurl } &openin ; =browser 0x0 0x1 filetype xsn 255 edit in browser / _layouts/images/icxddoc.gif / blog/_layouts/formserver.aspx?xmllocation={ itemurl } &openin ; =browser 0x0 0x1 progid infopath.document 255 edit in browser / _layouts/images/icxddoc.gif / blog/_layouts/formserver.aspx?xmllocation={ itemurl } &openin ; =browser 0x0 0x1 progid infopath.document.2 255 edit in browser / _layouts/images/icxddoc.gif / blog/_layouts/formserver.aspx?xmllocation={ itemurl } &openin ; =browser 0x0 0x1 progid infopath.document.3 255 edit in browser / _layouts/images/icxddoc.gif / blog/_layouts/formserver.aspx?xmllocation={ itemurl } &openin ; =browser 0x0 0x1 progid infopath.document.4 255 view in web browser / _layouts/images/ichtmxls.gif / blog/_layouts/xlviewer.aspx?listguid={ listid } &itemid ; ={ itemid } &defaultitemopen ; =1 0x0 0x1 filetype xlsx 255 view in web browser / _layouts/images/ichtmxls.gif / blog/_layouts/xlviewer.aspx?listguid={ listid } &itemid ; ={ itemid } &defaultitemopen ; =1 0x0 0x1 filetype xlsb 255 snapshot in excel / _layouts/images/ewr134.gif / blog/_layouts/xlviewer.aspx?listguid={ listid } &itemid ; ={ itemid } &snapshot ; =1 0x0 0x1 filetype xlsx 256 snapshot in excel / _layouts/images/ewr134.gif / blog/_layouts/xlviewer.aspx?listguid={ listid } &itemid ; ={ itemid } &snapshot ; =1 0x0 0x1 filetype xlsb 256 sponsors national defense > blog > posts > cyber experts have proof that china has hijacked u.s.-based internet traffic : updated cyber experts have proof that china has hijacked u.s.-based internet traffic : updated for 18 minutes in april , china ’ s state-controlled telecommunications company hijacked 15 percent of the world ’ s internet traffic , including data from u.s. military , civilian organizations and those of other u.s. allies .
read more a portrait of henry rayhons , an iowa state legislator , and his late second wife donna young hangs in the living room of rayhons condo in garner , iowa , on nov. ) it seems to me quite obvious that spouses are entitled to say “no. both their families embraced their marriage . he pleaded not guilty … . she died on aug. ” if a starts caressing b ’ s genitals while b is sleeping , that ’ s generally a serious crime . , this post 10 years ago about an interesting ninth circuit decision on this and this follow-up ) .
his new attorney ' s name doesn ' t appear on it . milwaukee ( ap ) — a convicted killer who is the subject of the netflix series " making a murderer " filed a wide-ranging appeal claiming authorities used an improper warrant and that a juror was out to get him , among other things . he had sued manitowoc county for tens of millions before he and his nephew , brendan dassey , were arrested in halbach ' s death . ___ follow greg moore at https://twitter.com/writingmoore . filmmakers laura ricciardi and moira demos , meanwhile , have stood by their work .
" ri yong ho , who is in the us for the united nations general assembly , said he " felt sorry " for the president ' s advisers after a fiery speech to the un on tuesday . in korean , a dog dream is one that is absurd and makes little sense . in his debut address to world leaders , trump vowed to " totally destroy " north korea if the us was forced to defend its allies . meeting separately with his south korean counterpart , kang kyung-wha , wang reiterated a call for south korea to remove the u.s.-built thaad anti-missile system , which china says is a threat to its own security .
“if confirmed as attorney general , i will be myself . ” sen. ” — told lynch that the outgoing attorney general ’ s six-year record at the justice department was weighing heavily on lawmakers ’ minds . grassley ( r-iowa ) asked whether the president could defer deportations “for millions of individuals in the country illegally and grant them permits and other benefits , regardless of what the u.s. constitution or immigration laws say. “no , i ’ m not , sir , ” lynch replied . holder jr. jan. ” lynch , who would be the first black female attorney general , turned in a polished performance free of any serious stumbles .
“judge roy moore in the u.s. senate means the end of mitch mcconnell ’ s reign as majority leader , ” moore vowed in one fundraising pitch . and that soon could be a daily problem for mcconnell . it is harder and harder to get honest reporting from dc when it comes to trump . the impact : the western diplomats said freezing or cutting of such a big bob corker ( r-tenn. 12 general election . 1 but was withheld . ) , announced his retirement . mcconnell pulled the plug — again — on repealing obamacare .
morning people : researchers found that cognitive performance is better in the morning for older adults , compared with in the afternoon . this could indicate that the adults were having a hard time focusing , because when a person is fully aiming their attention at something , resting state activations are suppressed . ) they – 10 : 30 a.m. irrelevant words linked to certain pictures and irrelevant pictures linked to certain words also flashed on the screen as a distraction . while the participants were completing the testing , the researchers scanned their brains with functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) , which allowed them to observe which areas of the brain were activated .
toronto mayor rob ford autographs a bobblehead doll in his likeness tuesday , nov. hundreds of people lined up to be the first to own the bobblehead doll . " unfazed , ford declared moments later , " i ' m not going anywhere , " as calls to take a leave of absence swirl around the embattled mayor . that authority , many council members say , has evaporated in the crack scandal . some came from out of town . the defiant ... 12 , 2013. the next day , he was signing bobblehead dolls of himself at city hall to raise money for charity .
“i just wanted to have that immersion , ” he said . meet professor will brooker . will brooker ( @willbrooker ) this has been one of the more unusual days in my academic life pic.twitter.com/e70n3ksrqm “the idea is to inhabit bowie ’ s head space at points in his life and career to understand his work from an original angle , while retaining a critical and objective perspective at the same time – a kind of split persona perhaps , ” brooker said . he ' s even eating red peppers and drinking milk as bowie did .
cherie amoore " she was so polite , " hunter said . she ain ' t been out in a while . i just wanted my baby . " mall security concerns and praises after baby reunited with family nbc10 ' s lauren mayk spoke with king of prussia mall security officials friday regarding how they identified a woman accused of kidnapping a baby and what their role was in helping police find the suspect and child . you need flash to watch this video . like the normal , average person . our emergency procedures were operationalized instantly , including the deployment of law enforcement personnel .
a country house at a dacha compound used by u.s. diplomats for recreation , in serebryany bor residential area in the west of moscow , russia , july 31 , 2017 russia blocked access on tuesday to u.s. embassy recreational property in a moscow suburb and closed a 2,000 square meter warehouse in an industrial area in the capital ' s southern outskirts . he said they were denied entry . 1. “we have not had access all day today or yesterday , ” she said . while aug. afp/getty 2/50 19 february 2018 a thai navy instructor demonstrates how to catch a snake during a jungle survival exercise as part of the " cobra gold 2018 " ( cg18 ) joint military exercise with us soldiers , at a military base in chonburi province , thailand .
according to mcso , 62-year-old paul rater and his granddaughter left his home in buckeye on sunday to go for a ride in the washes . , " said arpaio . how does a 5-year-old know the difference between good guys and bad guys? rater was booked into the 4th avenue jail on two counts of child abuse and one count of child endangerment . the sheriff says rater was found off miller road where he ' d been having a few drinks and a cheeseburger . a firefighter on an atv eventually heard the little girl crying for help .
story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
items and sea life found in a gulf shipwreck being explored by texas a&m university at galveston research scientists and national oceanic and atmospheric administration experts . so this ship has 200 years story_separator_special_tag page 1 of 1 while most of the ship ' s wood has long since disintegrated , copper that sheathed its hull beneath the waterline remains . “they come back to life after whatever goes down with them goes down . a shell oil and gas survey crew first detected the wreck in 2011 . one especially striking artifact retrieved by the robotic arms : a sealed bottle filled with bright yellow ginger , which was used as a treatment for seasickness .
garcetti said saturday that 300 homes in burbank and 180 homes in los angeles were under evacuation orders . " we do not have this fire contained , " garcetti said , but officials have " identified ways we can bring this fire to rest " in coming days . within a few hours , more than 250 firefighters from multiple agencies had been dispatched to the fire , which had grown to 500 acres and shut down a portion of i-210 . there are 206 fire engines and nine helicopters dedicated to fighting the fire , terrazas said .
in a letter dated april 20 , lampert proposed that esl investments purchase sears ' kenmore brand , its home-improvement business , its parts direct division , and some of the company ' s real estate . kenmore could have substantial value . sears , which started in the 1880s as a mail-order catalog business , was a back-to-school and appliance shopping destination for generations . that sent shares of sears holding corp. we are writing to confirm the view that we have recently expressed ( ap photo/rick bowmer , file ) ( associated press ) new york ( ap ) — sears ' biggest shareholder appears to be pushing for a breakup of the 125-year-old company that has survived two world wars and the great depression .
legislation on health care , overhauling financial markets and job creation will be considered before the senate takes up a measure to cap emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases linked to climate change , senate democratic leaders said tuesday . the delay was " just a matter of reality , they can ' t get anything done at this time , " said sen. jeff bingaman ( d-n.m. labolt said in an email . mr. ) . hanging in the balance is one of president barack obama barack obamaobama goes golfing on friday okla. that would trigger potential regulations that could affect a wide swath of the economy .
french lawmakers voted in favour tuesday of a new law granting the state sweeping surveillance powers , despite criticism from civil society groups that have dubbed the bill the “french patriot act ” . “this is not going to be run on a predictive basis , we simply aim to ensure enhanced monitoring of those identified as threats. the range of motives that can be invoked to engage in intelligence collection include industrial and scientific espionage , monitoring social movements and so on. but critics say it is a dangerous extension of mass surveillance . " image copyright ap image caption those opposed to the proposed new law say that it will allow the government to keep a record of innocuous conversations analysis by hugh schofield , bbc , paris it has been an unusual debate .
apple has changed its mind on marijuana . massroots is not just a novelty app . apple is notoriously arbitrary in choosing the apps that will grace its digital store , and that store controls a major share of the mobile market and can make or break companies . founder isaac dietrich offered to geo-restrict the massroots app so only people living in jurisdictions where marijuana is legal could use it . now , apps like massroots , an instagram-style social network centered on pot , say they have been banned because apple doesn ' t seem to allow services that connect likeminded marijuana lovers .
" it was a great . a week later , they got decked out to celebrate sturridge ' s bff robert pattinson ' s 26th birthday at gordon ramsey ' s restaurant in london , england . mom kourtney is quite the fashionista herself , of course . " scott and i are overjoyed to welcome our precious angel penelope scotland disick into our lives . joe : the rise of the cobra actress , 30 , finally opened up to british vogue in april . want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? she had an easy delivery , " matriarch kris jenner tells us .
the company ’ s revenue has tripled since 2012 , to $ 32.6 billion last year . " gilead gained federal approval for its drug sovaldi in late 2013 and ultimately settled on the price of $ 84,000 for a 12-week course of treatment . “they don ’ t really have that much on-shore cash , ” said tim arcuri , an analyst at cowen &amp; co. booming iphone sales overseas are adding to apple ’ s cash pile , pushing the company to embrace offshore affiliates to preserve and invest the money . ron wyden ( d-ore.
she went on to thank many organizations who helped in the search for her sister , sherri papini . 2. “what i can say is that her and keith have been reunited , ” koester said . bosenko said at a thursday news conference that papini was injured during her abduction , but did not provide details on the extent of her injuries . sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . " when asked about the sisters ' reunion , koester only said , " it was a very joyous reunion , and we were just very , very excited to see each other .
a belgian prosecutor says el bakraoui was a 29-year-old belgian who blew himself up at the brussels airport on tuesday . paul van tigchelt , head of belgium ’ s terrorism threat body , told reporters wednesday that the country is keeping the terrorism threat level at its highest mark , indicating danger of an imminent attack . — suzan fraser in ankara . ___ 6 : 10 p.m. secretary of state john kerry is traveling to brussels on friday to discuss the deadly attacks with top belgian and european officials . authorities said a higher death toll was avoided because the bomb did not go off .
the giant ship , called covenant , is headed for a very story_separator_special_tag before chewing over the more predictable parts of ridley scott ’ s “alien : covenant , ” let ’ s salute a really smart thing that mr. but the answers it came up with ... it barely showed the infamous beasties , choosing instead to batter senses with windy dialogue and events that seemed to betray basic elements of this decades-long saga . opens friday in major theatres . 122 minutes . something happens that interrupts the journey and it ranks among the better chapters of a sci-fi horror franchise that began with the original alien in 1979.
laplace , louisiana ( reuters ) - president barack obama toured hurricane-stricken louisiana on monday and promised federal recovery help as he sought to show his administration was on top of the disaster response on the eve of his democrats ' national convention in north carolina . " better now , " smith said . obama got a first-hand look at the devastation in st. " how y ' all doin ' ? one woman told obama the water rose so fast that she and her family had to be rescued by boat . isaac was the first hurricane to strike the united states this year , hitting new orleans almost exactly seven years after katrina hit , causing an estimated 1,800 deaths .
add interest " i want to apologize for my behavior last weekend -- for not being more careful and candid in how i described the events of that early morning and for my role in taking the focus away from the many athletes fulfilling their dreams of participating in the olympics , " lochte said in a statement posted on social media . feigen did not join gunnar bentz and jack conger when they left thursday night because he was ordered to donate almost $ 11,000 to a local sports charity before charges against him would be dropped and he would be allowed to leave .
as with sony ’ s “the angry birds movie , ” this is a film that ’ s shameless about its origins as a pocket doodad ; it also resembles that previous story_separator_special_tag the emoji movie looking back , i ’ m going to go out on a limb and say that there was a small , flickering reason to believe that the emoji movie wouldn ’ t be a complete travesty . " you were wrong then . candy crush is super awesome . parents should support their children . people can be more than one thing .
muslim groups allege that muslims have become targets of " violent threats " because of american sniper . it is the enemedia and the elites that sanitize jihad and islam . other ' projects ' will simply bite the dust . this is odd , right ? they want action ! as my penpal daniel f. the left demands that we hang our heads in shame if we triumph . more like submission . nobody believes it . i loved it . cf . against us . it is the gravest threat to freedom , and hollywood pretends that it doesn ' t exist .
in december it launched a long-range rocket in a move that critics said was designed to test technology for an intercontinental ballistic missile , leading to tighter u.n. sanctions being imposed last month . " north korea ' s nuclear test is a challenge to the peace and security of the korean peninsula and northeast asia and beyond . north korea ' s latest nuclear test , its third since 2006 , had been a resolute step in self-defense , so said . u.s. ambassador laura kennedy did not respond to the verbal assault on wednesday . , which wantonly infringed upon the dprk ' s legitimate right to satellite launch for peaceful purposes .
“we are dismayed by the actions and poor judgment of jay solomon , ” the journal said in a statement . on media blog archives select date … december , 2015 november , 2015 october , 2015 september , 2015 august , 2015 july , 2015 june , 2015 may , 2015 april , 2015 march , 2015 february , 2015 january , 2015 wall street journal fires jay solomon over involvement with arms dealer the wall street journal has fired chief foreign affairs correspondent jay solomon for what the paper called a “breach ” and ethical lapses over his involvement with an iranian-born arms dealer .
it ’ s on buses . but teheran was lawless , he said , ' ' ( for one thing , president carter , aware of the shah ’ s terrible record in that department , was reluctant to defend him. “ken taylor represented the very best that canada ’ s foreign service has to offer. it ’ s a place well earned by taylor and his colleagues at the canadian embassy in tehran — who put their lives on the line to harbour the half-dozen diplomats who slipped away from the u.s. embassy as it was besieged by iranian militants who took more than 60 americans hostage and held most under harsh conditions for more than a year .
" the agency says the unauthorized vehicle then accelerated toward an nsa police vehicle blocking the road , and police fired at them when the driver refused to stop , crashing into the police vehicle . this was not a planned attack. at least one other person was injured . wjla-tv via ap buy photo wait 1 second to continue . a statement from col. a spokeswoman ... an nsa officer also was injured , though officials did not say how . ___ 3 : 55 p.m. authorities aren ' t saying yet why two men dressed as women tried to enter the national security agency ' s campus at fort meade , maryland without permission shortly before 9 a.m. monday .
if he was also killed in the missile strike , it would not have been on story_separator_special_tag jones , known as ‘the white widow ’ , thought killed in june along with her 12-year-old son jojo , but us officials have been unable to confirm the british member of islamic state sally jones is believed to have been killed , along with her 12-year-old son jojo , in a us airstrike . the cia and mi6 officers spent months trying to track her down . it added she had last been seen fleeing from raqqa and heading for the syrian border town of mayadin .
rare earth elements : • yttrium is used in laser technology , superconductors and microwave filters . from the air it looks like a huge lake , fed by many tributaries , but on the ground it turns out to be a murky expanse of water , in which no fish or algae can survive . how could we have known ? the smell of sulphur and the roar of the pipes invades my senses . element of success rare earth minerals have played a key role in the transformation and explosive growth of china ' s world-beating economy over the last few decades .
karlie_hay on instagram tomball ' s karlie hay was named miss teen usa on saturday night in las vegas . " i admit that i have used language publicly in the past which i am not proud of and that there is no excuse for . through hard work ... we as an organization are committed to supporting her continued growth . " hay was crowned the new miss teen usa saturday night at the venetian resort and casino in las vegas . so when the miss teen usa pageant twitter account shared a celebratory photo of the top five finishers , teigen noticed that each competitor shared a few similarities when it came to their looks .
" i love that it ' s not big weights , you move the entire time , it ' s a torture chamber of sorts , " she says . ' " the best compliments she hears these days are usually spoken by her little man . subscribe now for instant access to this exclusive interview , plus almost 200 more breathtaking beauties , only in people ! " but then we were having sunday dinner , and he said he changed his mind . " i ' ve told no one . " instead the oscar winner , who voices a supervillain in the upcoming movie minions , has found beauty in her role as mom to her 5-year-old son , louis , adding that their life together is a constant reminder of what ' s important .
on tuesday in a news release , police cited dna and pathologists ' examinations that did not substantiate rogers ' original statements , and changes in her story during the investigation . she also said they tried to burn down her house . there is a lot of things going on with her , " rigatuso said . i will do what it takes . " she maintains her innocence . rogers crawled from her home naked , bleeding and screaming for help , a neighbor told police . " rogers was arrested tuesday , police said . watch me , " read the july 18 posting , according to police .
dr magnolia cardona-morrell , who led the research at the university ’ s simpson centre for health services research , said : “most terminally ill people want to die at home , but in fact three quarters end up dying in acute hospitals , often after intrusive , expensive and ultimately pointless medical procedures . " the score by no means decides the treatment . need for oxygen therapy or known oxygen saturation <90 % 33 □ 6. repeat or prolonged seizures 99 □ 8. pulse rate <40 or >140 □ 5. decreased loc : glasgow coma score change >2 or avpu=p or u □ 2.
is wanted in connection with last friday ’ s burglary of the video game store in st. later , the smoking gun was able to wrangle a confession out of kurisko : it was dominiak . cops report that kerry hammond jr. the man with whom electronic ties were abruptly cut is dustin dominiak , a 28-year-old buddy who attended albion college with kurisko . dominiak is pictured at left . hammond -- who has been dubbed “big dasani ” by one georgia wag -- is seen in the below mug shot snapped after a prior arrest .
walker . below is a breakdown of who will be made — or broken — by what happens tuesday in the badger state . obama ’ s side . scott walker ( r ) and install milwaukee mayor tom barrett ( d ) in his place . if walker has the highest stakes in the recall vote , the labor movement is a close second . the democratic national committee and the white house have gone out of their way to make clear just how much story_separator_special_tag de pere , wis. the president is bracing for a difficult set of challenges , which began last week when an uptick in the unemployment rate provided a fresh reminder of the beleaguered domestic economy and the deepening financial uncertainties abroad .
the cursed child is the eighth story in the harry potter series and we have the synopsis to share with you : it was always difficult being harry potter and it isn ’ t much easier now that he is an overworked employee of the ministry of magic , a husband and father of three school-age children . sneak peek ! oct. go to @hpplayldn for more information . ' ( photo : jaap buitendijk , warner bros. — j.k. rowling ( @jk_rowling ) october 23 , 2015 " 19 years later " is significant to potter fans .
story_separator_special_tag berlin — a moroccan woman who took a piece of her dead husband ’ s intestine on a flight to their home in austria was carrying the sample because she suspected that he had been poisoned and she wanted european doctors to examine it , her lawyer said on tuesday . mr. ” dr. the story was first reported over the weekend by kleine zeitung , the main local newspaper in graz . police told afp they had not been asked to intervene . the customs officers weren ' t expecting to find entrails . karner said , and apparently helped pack it in formaldehyde and in thick plastic containers .
the boy was hit by a car and died . in 2014 , for example , the shanghai police said that calling or texting while driving had caused nearly 30 percent of 690 fatal automobile accidents between january and october of that year , according to a report in china ’ s state-run news media . “heart-wrenching ! " asked web user " xiaodingdangmaimaijimiqiu " . we can find our way back to each other. parents have been urged to curb their smartphone addiction . view all new york times newsletters . please try again later . an error has occurred .
" i know that you know that what you did was wrong . she was stripped " mitchell whisked her away to his camp in the foothills near the family home . nearly nine years after being kidnapped and held in a state of sexual slavery she describes as " my nine months of hell " , elizabeth smart addressed her former captor face-to-face in a packed salt lake city courtroom , just moments before he was sentenced to life in prison . it took her about 30 seconds . mitchell continued singing and did not answer . " i don ' t have very much to say to you .
martin o ' malley , who is a popular but unknown figure in the party , is considering . " i have been on this high wire of national and international politics and leadership for 20 years , " she told marie claire last month . the former first lady does not plan to stay on as secretary of state in obama ' s second term . lucas jackson-pool/getty images the race for 2016 starts the day after election day . new york gov . outsiders frequently express bewilderment at the american predilection for near-permanent electioneering . sen. the establishment ; the cultural conservatives vs.
’ it brings the water in with the fat. “it is just getting crazier and crazier , ” says rochelle sirota , a dietitian and nutritionist . the oil helps the water do its job better because cells are more likely to take in h2o that has a tiny bit of fat in it , he says . “what is the need ? “this is a disruptive technology for beverages. fatwater isn ’ t a weight-loss drink , per se ( each bottle contains 2 grams of fat ) . “the water looks kind of iridescent , pearlescent , ” asprey tells time .
! ! " he said he believes it ' s a better fit for nbc ' s brand of comedy than it ever was for fox . ( associated press ) file - in this june 22 , 2016 , file photo , terry crews , left , and andy samberg attend " brooklyn nine-nine " fyc event held at upright citizens brigade theatre in los angeles . " hamill also shared a classic scene from the show in which a police lineup sings the backstreet boys . nbc is turbo-charging the trend ... ___ simon twenty-five years ago , the decisions announced influenced the evening habits of millions more people .
she blamed the " barrage of attacks that are largely fomented by and coming from the right " for fueling a perception that trust is an area of vulnerability for her . on tues. san francisco public defender jeff adachi , left , talks to members of the media after francisco sanchez ' arraignment tuesday , july 7 , 2015 , in san francisco . just watched hillary clinton on immigration and the gop race replay more videos ... sources familiar with the investigation say the gun belonged to a federal agent and may have been stolen recently .
four patients suffering from advanced amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( als ) , two of them in permanent completely locked-in state and two entering the completely locked-in state without reliable means of communication , learned to answer personal questions with known answers and open questions requiring a “yes ” or “no ” by using frontocentral oxygenation changes measured with fnirs . but while the renewed ability the most important of these were about quality of life . the blue colour indicates a lesser concentration of oxy-hemoglobin and red indicates and increased concentration . ” all of the patients , who are fed through tubes and kept alive on ventilators , are cared for at home by family members .
” three days later , after a “great welcome ” and day and night in são paulo de olivença , she reported that two men pitched up in a boat close to where she had stopped and just stayed there for two hours , stopping her from changing . ! ! “ok 30 guys ... “this you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . i could hear his shouts. “nice. but they were the silent type. “now , i am sitting on my private beach in the sun .
a u.s. judge on tuesday had sided with trump ’ s administration and rejected an attempt by california and environmental groups to stop the federal government from building a wall on the state ’ s border with mexico . " now this important project can go forward ! ” related : who is federal judge gonzalo curiel ? story continued below “big legal win today . the most reliable politics newsletter . " the law also limited any federal court reviewing challenges to the construction to only consider constitutional violations sign up for politico playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox .
baltimore ( ap ) — police completed their investigation into the death of freddie gray a day earlier than planned thursday and delivered it to the chief prosecutor in baltimore , who pleaded for patience and peace while she decides whether to bring charges . ... police said they have " exhausted every lead . ( catherine rentz/baltimore sun video ) cr market surveillance video provided police with a missing piece of the freddie gray wagon ride . mosby did not return a call from nbc news requesting comment , but her office confirmed it had received the police department ' s investigative file .
it was not immediately clear if the bullet had gone through the vest or if the shooter had missed the vest . jason griffin , 39 , has also been charged with felon in possession of a weapon and unlawful possession of body armor . griffin was arrested sunday while being treated at a local hospital for what police called " a medical issue . court records identified him as daniel barber . story_separator_special_tag embed more news videos man fatally shot after putting on bulletproof vest . she said griffin didn ' t even know his gun was loaded .
the fbi is warning state officials to boost their election security in light of evidence that hackers breached the election systems of a pair of states . the fbi said monday that it doesn ' t comment on specific alerts , but added that it routinely sends out advisories to private industry about signs of cyber threats that it comes across in its investigations . 18 , 2016 , warning came just days after homeland security secretary ... ( associated press ) file - this feb. state election websites in arizona and illinois experienced hack-related shutdowns earlier this summer .
he said the paradise papers opened the door on a “major problem not just for the us but for governments throughout the world ” . this is a company that stays one step ahead of its rivals . with names such as swoosh , flight , force , tailwind and pegasus , every shoe is crafted , and every launch anticipated and heavily marketed . most people probably own a pair of nikes . hamilton said he had instructed a senior lawyer to check his arrangements and was told they were lawful . this allowed apple to funnel all its sales outside of the americas - currently about 55 % of its revenue -
" trump covered a range of other topics in the interview , including his goal of repealing and replacing obamacare , which he called a " horror show ” and a “disaster. it ’ s fake . do i believe it works ? learn more story_separator_special_tag “they ’ re very hostile . we know nothing about them . ” “i said journalism is dead . ” hannity mentioned , helpfully . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . had been removed from the oval office . most haven ’ t , i guess , but we can ’ t take chances .
the recordings included comments by the engineer about six seconds before the derailment about " an over speed condition , " the ntsb said in a statement . 18 , 2017. they were members of all aboard washington , a rail enthusiasts group . most passengers and some motorists suffered minor to major injuries , and several remain in critical condition . jim hamre , 61 , and his friend zack willhoite , 35 , both from the tacoma area , were riding together . the three who died — all of them train buffs — have now been identified .
scott walker ( r ) announced monday that he was suspending his campaign for the white house , urging other candidates to follow suit . ( ap photo/morry ... so what happened ? ” “it ’ s no longer about just backing an outsider in principle ; people want somebody story_separator_special_tag wisconsin gov . but that promising start was quickly dashed after poor debate performances dried up support from donors . nationally , his numbers suffered even more . , recalling when he sat in church the previous day . 21 , 2015 , in madison , wis.
from kristen lindsey ' s facebook post . ( photo : khou ) bellville , texas – a brenham veterinarian who killed a cat with a bow and arrow will not face charges at this time after an austin county grand jury returned a " no-bill " in the case . more image 3 of 5 dr. the investigation was unable to turn up substantial information implicating kristen lindsey in a crime related to the cat slaying . the veterinarian has since been fired from her job . " i ' m hoping that she is punished to the fullest extent for animal cruelty .
brown called shannon egeland ' s insurance scheme and concocted shooting , which led to the amputation of his left leg , " an unthinkable kind of situation , ' ' and tacked on three years and 10 months to his 10-year sentence for mortgage fraud . u.s. district judge anna j. " what bothers me the most is my son . a week before the shooting he had taken out a disability insurance policy , falsely claiming he had not been arrested in the past decade . a prosecutor described egeland in a sentencing document as a " menace to society " .
this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag close get email notifications on michele munz daily ! your notification has been saved . email notifications are only sent once a day , and only if there are new matching items . whenever michele munz posts new content , you ' ll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link . there was a problem saving your notification .
canceled : cleveland browns ' perfect season ' parade it has been a horrible season for the cleveland browns . , an npr contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with npr . accuracy and availability may vary . all rights reserved . the goal was to raise $ 1,999 but surpassed it quickly . thanks to the browns fans who donated $ 10k+ to the food bank ! cleveland pizza made a donation and the total rose to over $ 8,000 . #give10 pic.twitter.com/u0iw96ibuq — greater cle foodbank ( @clefoodbank ) december 27 , 2016 the gofundme was originally put in place to pay for security , restroom facilities and other necessities for the parade .
nato “could never set what the discount could be … [ it ] would have to be a concept that this is the day in which theaters discount. box-office grosses seem to soar to new heights year after year , but actual ticket sales have been flat or in slight decline , with ticket prices and premium formats ( 3d and imax ) inflating revenues . see also : 8 top apps and services for streaming your favorite movies it ' s hardly a full-scale ticket-price surrender , but it ’ s still a notable concession . until now .
speaking of salt , she ' s a huge fan : " i like salt , " she said . box of crackers . if you ’ re a dedicated pinhead , you already know triscuit recipes , from triscuit pizza to triscuit parmesan crusted chicken tenders , are popular on the site . and it collaborates so well with other foods — toast , tomato , crabmeat , eggs . call it s ’ mores deluxe , no campfire required . ... of course martha stewart -- model , housekeeping hero and comrade of snoop dogg -- has concocted the fanciest cracker flavor in the grocery store .
we knew that there would be some people upset by the service and with the price being adjusted . this story was originally posted at zdnet ' s between the lines greenfield also said he was unhappy with the response from netflix employees . netflix recently lost a whole slew of sony-owned content from its digital library , and it ' s had issues with other studios and networks , namely showtime , in the last year . enter nbc universal . to receive both , subscribers must pay $ 15.98 . of course , that extra stuff comes with more licensing fees , so you can see why netflix rates are going up .
story_separator_special_tag why we haven ' t heard the last of michelle ' bombshell ' mcgee email this it looks as if " initially , mcgee sold her original story to intouch magazine for $ 30,000 , " a magazine insider reveals , " and is now looking to make even more money by pitching additional scandalous information , including x-rated photographs , more texted messages and intimate details about what sandra ' s husband likes to do in bed . for the right price . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
" there was a blackout after the accident , audience members said , and a delay was announced , and later it was announced the performance was over . mary jane ' s harness held , but the stunt man ' s didn ' t . on tuesday morning , news media representatives for “spider-man ” did not immediately reply to an inquiry about the identity of the actor or his status . patrick healy has more here . 42nd st. 2 performance . mr. theatergoer mike james of san jose , calif. a light in my heart went dim tonight.
” a sardonic cruz says at the start of the 30-second clip , wearing jeans and a tucked in shirt . he would come to meetings where he wasn ’ t invited — and wasn ’ t wanted. it was his inability to be part of the team . story_separator_special_tag looking for news you can trust ? " well , other than that , ” cruz continued , " nobody likes him anywhere once they get to know him. subscribe to our free newsletters . “george w. with the bromance between ted cruz and donald trump over , the mogul turned gop front-runner has begun trash talking the senator from texas .
“he came at us for no reason and that ’ s when chad walked up and i started recording , ” butterfield said . the clip shows a white man wearing a baseball cap claiming to be a resident of the building and then getting into a verbal altercation with the group of black students , before pulling a gun out in an apparent effort to stop them from getting in an elevator . “moreover , we are firmly committed to creating a diverse residential community that is inclusive and welcoming to all. “we were shook because we hadn ’ t said anything to him .
the decision to run for state representative is one that my family and i took very seriously when we made it . ' " in a statement , patton said his comments " appear to have been misunderstood . " i used a poor choice of words to express what i know first-hand - raising young children and working is tough . millions of women do just that every day , including my own daughters . in fact , my experience as a mom is perhaps my greatest strength . ohio sen. mr. gov . sarah palin was on the presidential ticket in 2008.
police have named magnotta a suspect in the shocking case where dismembered body parts were mailed to ottawa , including the headquarters of the governing conservative party . view larger image luka rocco magnotta , 29 , is seen is this photograph provided by police in montreal . police describe him as five feet 10 inches tall and 135 pounds with black hair and blue eyes . montreal  caution : graphic content may disturb some readers . while both killer and victim lay naked , he dismembered the corpse and committed sexual and cannibalistic acts on it . magnotta , also known as eric clinton newman , is a montreal resident who allegedly knew the victim , identified only as a white male , montreal police spokesman ian lafreniere told reporters wednesday .
one possibility is that demonstrators are stimulated to repeat the specific sequence of actions ( moving the string with their legs ) that induces the conditioned stimulus ( i.e. now , it seems he has succeeded at last . thinking about insect brains in terms of size alone , however , is a trap . so chittka and his colleagues set up a low clear plastic table barely tall enough to lay three flat artificial blue flowers underneath . their studies of apes , crows , and parrots were constantly revealing how smart these animals were . “bees have some amazing cognitive abilities , ” wrote clint perry , a behavioral ecologist at queen mary university and an author of the paper , in an email to the
about silver lake silver lake is a global leader in private investments in technology and technology-enabled industries . " img has incredible strategic value to wme . patrick whitesell and ariel emanuel will serve as co-ceos of the combined company . led by an experienced and innovative management team , wme was formed by the 2009 merger of the william morris agency and endeavor . terms of the transaction were not disclosed . " we are honored to build on the legacy of founder mark mccormack and recent owner ted forstmann . " the combination of wme and img creates a unique global sports and entertainment platform , operating across north america , europe , asia , south america and africa .
in miller ' s case the defense was successful . . i stabbed him . " i ' m tortured by the thought of how daniel died and i ' m tortured by the fact that he suffered and that he was alone when he died . miller , 69 , was also found not guilty of manslaughter . austin ( kxan ) - a jury on wednesday sentenced james miller to 10 years of probation and 6 months in the travis county jail . we were doing the good music . 21 , 2015 from a service station at the 700 block of east 8th street .
to the park which is a 550 mile trip . there has been multiple sightings of jade in the park , most lately in the cannyon village area . we need help for them .... she is a part of us all and we all want her caught and safe again in the arms of her loving family . every little bit helps to get jade back home ... so far to no avail , but no one is giving up hope . " help spread the word ! jades parents were in a horrible head on collison in the park by a person who fell asleep at the wheel .
wendi was “chief of strategy ” for myspace . schmidt , said to be friends with wendi murdoch , was mentioned in 2010 press reports as having invested with her in the new york-based startup art.sy , meant to match art with prospective buyers story_separator_special_tag is there a bombshell behind rupert murdoch ’ s divorce ? mogul is seeking to end his marriage of 14 years , rumors began to circulate of possible reasons for the split . but he did . news corp. a call to wendi ' s attorney was not returned . , so the company surely knows who she is talking to and what she is up to.
personal quote : trivia : nickname : star sign : when some films do not pay as well and you have a mortgage to pay and you are on an economy drive eating eggs and beans , and you are offered a million dollar role and you turn it down , as it is not right . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . director jerome cut the part out of the script completely saying " no one replaces charlie hunnam " . i didn ' t understand [ myself ] , i was so happy yet so angry and sad .
mexico city -- the cuban government has arrested an american citizen working on contract for the u.s. agency for international development who was distributing cellphones and laptop computers to cuban activists , state department officials and congressional sources said saturday . " why they picked on this situation , " the person said , " is a bit of a mystery . ” still , mr. sánchez a visa to accept a prestigious journalism award in new york . obama would fulfill his promise to break with the confrontational tactics 5. the charges have not been made public .
she only noticed at some point while she was driving that the child was in the vehicle and immediately drove to inova alexandria hospital , where the child was declared dead at about 4 : 20 p.m. police believe the child died long before it got to the hospital . " somebody don ' t have no heart . it ' s just sad , " said brian salvato , a neighbor . in lansdowne . inside a black car would be hotter . " you don ' t even leave a dog in the car for that amount of time .
( associated press ) demonstrators march past royce hall on the campus at ucla in los angeles thursday , march 4 , 2010. " we have no problem with a protest , " luljak said . students staged raucous rallies on nationwide college campuses thursday in protests against deep education cuts that turned violent as demonstrators threw punches and ice chunks in wisconsin and blocked university gates and smashed car windows in california . but amid an often festive atmosphere , there were also efforts to make more forceful statements during the protests , called the day of action to defend public education .
nickels have cost more to make than their monetary value for over a decade . the one-cent us coin , mostly made of zinc with a little bit of copper , is the most abundant coin in the country . abolish the penny ! the penny might be more trouble than it ' s worth . between production costs and shipping , they cost $ 0.0182 each , which totaled to $ 69 million ( pdf , p. our bases overseas do not use pennies . story_separator_special_tag pennies aren ’ t cheap . last year , the us mint produced more than 8.4 billion pennies for circulation .
zinke is recommending that six of 27 national monuments ... jamie williams , president of the wilderness society , said the recommendations apparently made by zinke " represent an unprecedented assault on our parks and public lands " by the trump administration . national monument designations add protections for lands revered for their natural beauty and historical significance with the goal of preserving them for future generations . two marine monuments in the pacific ocean also would be reduced under zinke ' s memo , which has not been officially released . story_separator_special_tag file - in this may 9 , 2017 , file photo , interior secretary ryan zinke rides a horse in the new bears ears national monument near blanding , utah .
” “people are fascinated by how evil the third reich were , ” he added . a replica of a gate that was believed to have been stolen from the dachau concentration camp in germany was recovered last year . sign up you agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for the new york times ' s products and services . in one photograph , hitler salutes as he walks toward the camera down a path at his berghof headquarters in the bavarian alps . tredwen said . invalid email address . please re-enter . an error has occurred .
back in 2011 , she stunned fans by revealing she often subsisted on only fruit and miso soup for weeks at a time . “i don ’ t know of any other condition that causes that in the knuckles … it is highly likely it is from bulimia , ” he said . magazine . ” when geldof ’ s own mother paula yates was found dead at her london home in 2000 , her baby daughter tiger lily , now 17 , was found playing near her mother ’ s body . we ’ ll keep you updated on the latest in the death of peaches geldof , right here on radar .
" this collaboration is a first-of-its-kind public-private partnership that recognizes that no one sector can tackle this challenge alone . though factors like postponing motherhood , inactivity and obesity are major causes of cancer , especially breast and cervical cancers , there are ways by which we can lower the risk of the disease occuring in different parts of the body . women aged between 50- 74 years should get a mammogram done in every two years . here is what you need to do : 1. maintaining a healthy weight is necessary to stay fit and live long .
source story_separator_special_tag ' unforgettable ' marks a career worst for katherine heigl in opening to $ 4.8m , while christian bale-starrer ' the promise ' debuts to a paltry $ 4.1 million after costing $ 100 million to make . 4 and come in ahead of the other new films . 18 , stars brie larson , sharlto copley , armie hammer , cillian murphy and jack reynor . have all been huge box office busts . domestic distribution chief jeff goldstein . the pic was fully financed by the late kirk kerkorian , who was of armenian descent .
“the new chart of normal fuss/cry amounts in babies across industrialised countries will help health professionals to reassure parents whether a baby is crying within the normal expected range in the first 3 months or shows excessive crying which may require further evaluation and extra support for the parents. “if you are not relaxed you are not going to be any use to your baby. crying peaked at about two hours and 15 minutes each day at six weeks of age , before gradually reducing to an average of one hour and 10 minutes . in contrast , lowest colic rates were reported in denmark ( 5.5 % at 3-4 weeks ) and germany ( 6.7 % at 3-4 weeks ) .
a third study , with preschool-age children , showed that subtle reciprocal cues remain potent elicitors of altruism , whereas a fourth study with preschoolers showed that even a brief reciprocal experience fostered children ’ s expectation of altruism from others . the adult then knocked over an object and watched to see whether the kid picked it up . rodolfo cortes barragan , a psychology graduate student at stanford , and carol dweck , the lewis and virginia eaton professor of psychology , suspected there might be more to the story . that bit of interaction may have primed the toddlers
" mccain " served his country honorably , " pence said , adding that president donald trump " respected his service to the country . other officials represented the administration in trump ' s hard-to-miss absence . “americans marveled at the iron will of john mccain . the procession was highlighting what mccain found important , some of which contrast with trump ' s style and priorities . ( photo by john mcdonnell/the washington post via ap , pool ) ( associated press ) the flag-draped casket of sen. the man didn ' t feign anything . he just relished the fight .
" church calls for mercy putin , who returned to the presidency for a third term on may 7 after a four-year spell as prime minister , had said the women did " nothing good " but should not be judged too harshly . dozens were detained by police when scuffles broke out . wsj ’ s moscow bureau live blogged the hearing and reaction from moscow , with contributions from paul sonne and jeanne whalen from london . " this verdict was written by vladimir putin . among them were sergei udaltsov , a leftist opposition leader , and garry kasparov , a putin critic and former world chess champion .
simpson . " it ' s entirely possible that if there is some dna to be recovered , that it could be found , especially with today ' s technology , which is much more sensitive . the knife in question has a 5 " blade . so says the man who examined the wounds of the victims . the second cop reported the first to superiors , and the knife was turned over to the police forensics experts . " of course , she still remains skeptical . goldman — though none conclusively . story_separator_special_tag o.j . dr.
story_separator_special_tag new york ( reuters ) - the run of gains on wall street turns 8 years old on thursday and , despite its advanced age , is expected to rage on , with perhaps a few hiccups , based on a combination of stronger company earnings , lower taxes and a corporate-friendly administration in washington . no one can predict when the current bull market will end . almost $ 3 the numbers don ’ t lie . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . since then , it has more than tripled .
a writer for the boston phoenix newspaper thought it ' d be funny to send pitbull to the most remote walmart possible , and is encouraging people to " like " the walmart in kodiak . kmxt reports ... and there might be a reason . that fact wasn ' t lost on pitbull , who tweeted saturday : " i hear there ' s bear repellant at kodiak , alaska ( at ) walmartspecials . " as of today , it had surpassed 35,000 " likes " and spawned a rather successful twitter campaign called #exilepitbull . it seems to be working .
" he was the brandt . brandt , the south florida dermatologist dubbed “baron of botox ” by w magazine , a man who made his career ironing out celebrity wrinkles and who pioneered a line of skin care products to protect against the brutal florida sun , was 65. " he was depressed , " the source close to brandt says . friends and family attributed the death to an illness he couldn ' t kick . he last saw brandt alive at about 11 : 30 p.m. saturday . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer .
tried to board plane with a knife exclusive details pierce brosnan tried to board a plane sunday afternoon with a knife in his bag , but 007 couldn ' t slip it by tsa agents ... he took door #2 , and went on his way . fair thee well , till we meet again ? no arrest . the star had the 10-inch hunting blade confiscated from his hand luggage after it showed up during screening at burlington international airport , in vermont . who called him out on it . the mrs doubtfire actor visited ireland last month and wrote in an instagram post : " good bye my sweet home of ireland that i can call you now after all these years abroad a wandering .
crystal was never told that having a felony conviction and being on supervision meant that she couldn ’ t vote under texas law — so on november 8 , 2016 she attempted to vote . “the affidavit was a stop sign in front of her face , ” smid said . our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . prison , parole or probation ? it is not automatic . ] ms. " i was trying to get more money back for my clients . gonzalez denied her petition late monday in a 16-page ruling .
as evidence that the alien claim is either a publicity stunt - a documentary film roswell slides is in story_separator_special_tag of course , these are only some of the ways we ' ve envisioned martians over the years . alien or mummy ? um , pretty small . the images , reportedly snapped by geologist bernard a. in 1999 , christopher lloyd starred as the titular alien in director donald petrie ' s reboot of the 1960s tv show " my favorite martian , " which was itself inspired by earlier pulp sci-fi stories . ( although the french critics liked it -- really.
" i am in malawi to check on the children ' s hospital in blantyre and my other work with raising malawi and then heading home . it is a state of emergency . " the rumours of an adoption process are untrue , " she said in a statement . “yes , i ’ m angry . we cannot fall into despair. according to local reports , madonna was spotted after the hearing carrying one child , while one of her entourage carried another . to see open sewages everywhere . the decision to grant madonna the adoption order remains in the hands of the court .
" this is something one would have assumed had been done long ago , and was in a textbook somewhere , " seekell said . instead of counting lake by lake , earlier estimates were statistical guesses , based on the number of lakes in a parcel of land or on average lake size . this natural-color satellite image shows small blue and green lakes in northern siberia , near the gulf of ob . 16 in the journal geophysical research letters sidesteps these problems . climate scientists believe story_separator_special_tag the aral sea has been retreating over the last half-century since a massive soviet irrigation project diverted water from the rivers that fed it into farmland .
" he was calm . a passenger , who was on board the light aircraft when the pilot became ill at the controls , took over and landed the plane . " he did a beautiful landing in my opinion . terms : not valid with any other offer , no cash value and for new fitness members only . curves view details print voucher at curves it takes just 30 minutes to improve your health ! 10 visits must be completed by 15th november 2013. he said : " the gentleman was called john , that ' s all i knew .
) was arrested tuesday for attempting to bring marijuana into the hart senate office building , according to u.s. capitol police reports . stanley , who has worked for boxer since 2009 and earned a six-figure salary , quickly resigned . " marcus stanley is no longer with this office . so does her gop rival carly fiorina . dianne feinstein ( d-calif. the police later id ' d the leafy green as the sticky green . boxer accepted it because his actions yesterday were wrong and unacceptable. " and for those of you wondering , boxer opposes proposition 19 in california , which would legalize and tax cannabis in the golden state .
singapore : the 23-year-old delhi gang-rape victim has significant brain injury , infection in lungs and abdomen and she is currently struggling against all odds at mount elizabeth hospital where her condition continues to be " extremely critical " , the hospital said on thursday . doctors removed major part of her intestines which had become gangrenous . 27. kelvin loh . state authorities suspended one police officer and fired two others on accusations they delayed investigating and taking action in the case . 13 and reported the attack to police nov. demonstrators in new delhi have demanded stronger protections for women and stronger punishment for rapists .
more than 150 migrants have crossed into croatia from serbia , with some of those stranded on serbia ' s border with hungary making a similar trip . he and his three companions reached belgrade only to discover on facebook and whatsapp that the hungarian border was closed to refugees . croatia says it is ready to receive them or " direct " them to where they want to go . sawiris said the talks would depend on whether the owners can secure approval from the greek government . in a sept. but hungary did not change its mind — prompting a grim demonstration of what can happen when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object .
michael cohen ' s second most problematic client first brushed his claw against the first lady ' s hand , a gesture of romance so overwhelming that she ignored it , opting to stare directly forward with the force of someone who is just doing her job and doesn ' t need to be distracted . trump has held since taking office . did you like my poem ? he follow tess on twitter . and , uh , yeah . priceless . donald trump ( left ) and emmanuel macron kleponis-pool/getty watch trump yank macron away like he ’ s a kid on a mission to eat some ice cream .
( tribune file photo ) sen. ( andr chung &#124; special to the salt lake tribune ) senator orrin hatch is the senior senator from utah , chairman of the senat ... orrin hatch , r-utah , and sen. orrin hatch speaks during a memorial day celebration at hogan park in woo ... or ... hatch bri ... pre ... learn more mitt romney , cent ... judge samuel alito , right , meets with sen. bill co-sponsors sen. diane feinstein , d-calif. october 30 , 1982 sen. edward kennedy , d-mass.
” “i think it ’ s a terrible message . she said tuesday that the nfl embraces the role of players and others in the game to promote " meaningful , positive change in our communities . nike is a tenant of mine . nfl must respect this ! kaepernick has ... even if it means sacrificing everything. there ’ s no reason for it. " the statement is the league ' s first since nike and the former 49ers quarterback announced he would be part of a new ad campaign tied to the 30th anniversary of the
and it just prompted one citizen ' s tweet , " this is awesome ! " finley was either high-mindedly engaged in a socratic inquiry , as if teaching a constitutional law seminar , or manifesting jonesean ( as in alex jones , of infowars ) subtlety cum derision . the vermont online universe is now filled with mostly outrage , and claims of canceling subscriptions . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . and why is that necessary? learn more then there ' s jon margolis , who was an a-list national political writer during his heyday with the chicago tribune .
" there ' s really no means to move an animal of that size , " she said . shark sightings have been rare in the area . the shark appeared to have washed ashore friday night , selmi said . little compton officials closed goosewing and south shore beaches after the shark was found . a massachusetts marine biologist ... it is estimated 350,000 of them live along the north-atlantic coast . at least until the great whites migrate to warmer waters this winter . 1 , 2012. , saturday sept. he survived , but the incident led many to question why so many sharks are lurking off the cape .
edmonton – global news has learned the suncor employee who was killed by a black bear in northern alberta on wednesday was fort mcmurray resident lorna weafer . we didn ’ t want this unfortunate incident to happen again. " it ' s a major industrial site with lots of noise and activity . traps have since been set up in and what should you do if you ever encounter a bear in the wilderness ? our thoughts and prayers go out to family , friends and co-workers. francis silvaggio reports . she absolutely adored children and had volunteered as a big sister .
he was 61. " i was so proud of her , " bourdain told indiewire afterward . brash and opinionated , he had spoken openly about his use of drugs and addiction to heroin earlier in his life . story_separator_special_tag asia argento is struggling to cope with the death of boyfriend anthony bourdain . a medical expert did not find any signs of violence on bourdain ’ s body . , september 15 , 2013. “nothing suggested the involvement of a third person , ” rocquigny said . when i ’ m home it would never occur to me to sit at my house and drink beer , or pour myself a cocktail.
“the first few days of open enrollment for the federal health insurance exchange went smoothly , " said a spokesperson for the centers for medicare and medicaid services , which oversees the health-care law . it is still early in the process and it is unclear how the final sign-up numbers will come out . ” news headlines about changes in the government ' s support of obamacare and trump ’ s tweets have raised fears that all program subsidies are ending . 15. ( tmsnrt.rs/2k1halv ) file photo : a sign on an insurance store advertises obamacare in san ysidro , san diego , california , u.s.
mueller is investigating whether any americans aided russia ’ s interference in the 2016 presidential election as well as whether figures in the trump administration may have obstructed justice in part by moving to oust comey in may , when the fbi ’ s russia investigation was picking up steam . matt gaetz , r-fla. , and louie gohmert , r-texas , introduced the resolution on friday . " he must step down immediately . reps. ) , andy biggs ( r-ariz. the most reliable politics newsletter . , a member of the house judiciary committee , along with co-sponsors , rep.
in both cases , the deaths were related to cardiovascular complications . ” researchers analyzed serious cardiovascular-related complications following marijuana use that was reported to the french addictovigilance network in 2006-10. credit : stanimir g.stoev/shutterstock view full size image although marijuana may have a reputation as a relatively harmless drug , a new case report links it to the deaths of two young men in germany . the percentage of reported cardiovascular complications more than tripled from 2006 to 2010. nikolas p. nearly 2 percent ( 35 of the 1,979 ) marijuana-related complications were cardiovascular complications .
if that comparison seems unfair , just watch the trailer for d ’ souza ’ s 2016 film , hillary ’ s america : it references d ' souza ' s past conviction for violating campaign finance law ( for which trump is pardoning him ) , portraying his prosecution as a politically motivated witch hunt , and seeks to tie the current democratic party to the ku klux klan and slaveowners ( democrats were historically the pro-segregation , pro-slavery party until the parties flipped on race around 1964 ) . president see this tweet from 2015 : you can take the boy out of the ghetto ...
the passenger , named as kay longstaff , was taken to hospital in the city of pula and said she feels " very lucky " to have been rescued . the ship launched a search mission in the area of her fall , but could not find her . the rescue ship ’ s captain , lovro orešković , said the woman was exhausted , adding : “we were extremely happy for saving a human life. ... facebook " mr oreskovic said she fell from the back of the norwegian star cruise ship that was sailing towards venice , italy , shortly before midnight on sunday .
" want to report on a company ? " indeed , retailers that have found themselves the target of boycotts or media and consumer scrutiny have responded swiftly in recent years . just eight retailers are left on the group ' s list of " companies against christmas . the retailer declined to comment . red : company may use " christmas " sparingly in a single or unique product description , but as a company , does not recognize it . the afa is expected to send an action alert to its 2.3 million supporters on friday morning .
" that text 46373 to ' news ' to get breaking news alerts from fox 29 it was an all-day mess on the pennsylvania turnpike with the road shut down for miles after two major pileups and several other wrecks in between . " it was like a perfect storm , and then boom , " he added . that accident area involved approximately 30 cars and included a jackknifed tractor-trailer . ” kelly explained what kind of injuries they were seeing , “in a blunt trauma situation , you ’ re going to have a lot of soft tissue and bone type injuries .
the two-year-old twins of the same sex look different , as one has thick and wavy hair , while the other has thin and straight hair . president of viet nam genetics association le dinh luong said bipaternal twins were very rare . the twins in question were brought in for a dna test at cgat by their father prior to tet , or vietnam ’ s lunar new year festival , which fell on february 8. he said the phenomenon had a scientific explanation . heteropaternal twins are born when two ova ( egg cells ) from the same menstrual cycle are fertilized by sperm from separate acts of sexual intercourse with two different males .
" too many women , especially women of color , have had a lifetime of practice taking precisely these kinds of indignities in stride . “it ’ s a cruel irony that stereotypes and bias run rampant at companies that pride themselves at being forward-thinking , ” clinton said . spicer accused ryan , a correspondent for american urban radio networks , for pushing an agenda with her questions . clinton also referenced fox news host bill o ' reilly ' s comment about rep. ) hair , which he called a “james brown wig . " story_separator_special_tag speaking at the pbwc conference in san francisco today , hillary clinton called on silicon valley to improve diversity and inclusion , particularly by introducing paid parental leave policies .
" " as conservationists , what we really have to look at is this is what hawaii ' s native ecosystem includes , and cats are unfortunately not part of that , " said angela amlin , noaa ' s acting hawaiian monk seal recovery coordinator . on the other side of the debate are cat lovers who take issue with killing one animal for the sake of another . the proposal was abandoned after strong objections . three dogs chased him off one of his resting beaches , and he battled a minor tsunami that left him wedged between a pair of boulders in a lava field far from shore .
centers for disease control recorded 918 cases of syphilis in infants in 2017 , a 46 % increase on the previous year number of babies born with syphilis in us hits 20-year high , report finds nearly 1,000 babies were born with syphilis in the united states last year – a number that has more than doubled in just four years , new statistics show . but some women never get tested , while others test negative but then contract the disease during their pregnancy . harvey ' s organization wants if transmitted , it can cause miscarriage , stillbirth or newborn death .
" it ' s a lot of work to take out pipes , to redo all of the infrastructure , that ' s a whole planning process , " snyder said at a press conference . starting in april 2014 , water from the flint river corroded the pipes , leaching toxins into the tap water . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . related : what emergency ? she was joined tuesday by retired national guard brig . “i ’ m asking gov . gen. priority will be given to high risk households .
" our analysis put hard numbers on the common-sense belief that no diet is ideal for everybody , " the magazine said on its website . ) - trying to shed excess weight , lower high blood pressure or combat diabetes ? 1 in the ratings by u.s. news &amp; world report , followed closely by jenny craig and the raw food diet , while the dash diet was deemed best overall diet , with the mediterranean diet coming in second . story_separator_special_tag new york ( reuters life ! find which top-rated diet is best for your health and fitness goals .
researchers at leiden university medical center in the netherlands tested the physiological effects of horror movies on a group of volunteers , finding fear inspired by a horror movie increased levels of clotting agents in viewers ' blood . design crossover trial . main outcome measures the primary outcome measures were markers , or “fear factors ” of coagulation activity : blood coagulant factor viii , d-dimer , thrombin-antithrombin complexes , and prothrombin fragments 1+2 . the researchers took blood samples from each participant 15 minutes before and after watching each movie . results all participants completed the study .
lasseter . in february , walt disney animation studios held a “day of listening ” to allow the animation staff to air workplace concerns . lasseter ’ s camp contended that he had been unfairly swept up in the time ’ s up movement and that his behavior did not warrant his ouster . lasseter was a complicated one . story_separator_special_tag “the last six months have provided an opportunity to reflect on my life , career and personal priorities , ” lasseter said in a statement . but mr. ms. the tension was palpable at the “incredibles 2 ” premiere .
that is a strong characteristic of a bear market . " obviously you ' re going to have to bounce at some point . the major u.s. averages are down more than 9 percent for the year so far and are more than 10 percent below their 52-week intraday highs , in correction territory . and this is only january . read morewhy the wild market reversal small-cap stocks and biotechs led the initial recovery . first , the oil and gas situation is a huge problem , and it will continue . veteran investor mark d. every hope is dashed .
he was a member of st. joseph ' s hospital in marshfield . " his greatest love was his family , " tami richardson said of her brother-in-law . he married nicole s. michael also died in a traffic accident , just two days before mike rogan . mary ’ s catholic cemetery in marathon , wisconsin where military rites will be conducted by the veterans of foreign wars post 6352 of stratford . niki gave birth to their son , blaise , hours after the accident.mike served as a corporal in the us marine corps and was promoted to sergeant while remaining on with the reserves .
traveling for the purpose of engaging in illicit sex . nassar did not get slapped with this charge , and fogle clearly thinks he should have been . fogle is also claiming he was pressured into pleading guilty in the whole case , and wants his plea withdrawn from court . ” he specifically points out that “dr . just one of nassar ' s several sentences was for 175 years -- whereas fogle ' s doing 15. nassar got leniency ! careful what ya wish for , jackass . ” he says that “fogle , in contrast , traveled as a media spokesperson for subway , yet he was in error allowed to be charged ” with the “traveling ” crime .
a mother of 2 ... " a source close to justin tells us he was completely embarrassed , quickly apologized to the woman -- and then busted out an a cappella version of " boyfriend . " the last part didn ' t happen ... m. chu . but would ' ve been awesome . it ' s not appropriate . justin bieber first class potty mouth angers passengers justin bieber -- first class potty mouth angers passengers exclusive fielded an unusual request from a passenger on an international flight -- and it went something like this : shut your expletive-filled pie hole !
among the coins that will be on display tuesday is the crown jewel of the collection — an 1866-s no motto $ 20 gold piece valued at more than $ 1 million . here are five things to know about the coins and their origin : why are they so valuable ? a treasure trove of rare gold coins discovered ... it ' s not clear , however , who put them in the ground or how they were obtained , though theories have abounded . file - this feb. they plan to keep a few of the coins themselves and use the money from the rest to pay off bills and donate to local charities .
as for what ' s next , haley said , it ' s " completely up to north korea . with 15 votes in favor , resolution 2371 was passed unanimously . from seafood to coal , the resolution demands a shutoff of some of the ways that the reclusive regime makes valuable hard currency to fuel its rising ballistic missile and nuclear industry . a security council diplomat said the workers are kept in deplorable conditions in many countries . very big financial impact ! jieyi north korea is still allowed to receive oil . " the resolution also placed nine people and four business entities -- including a major north korean bank -- on a un blacklist , slapping all with asset freezes or travel bans .
the researchers found that people genetically predisposed to schizophrenia were more likely to use cannabis , and to use it in greater amounts than those who had no schizophrenia risk genes . " both may be true , " she says . the resulting studies suggest that the neurobiology underlying schizophrenia might also put people affected by the disorder at increased risk for smoking pot . this it often includes psychotic experiences , such as hearing voices or delusions . " we know that cannabis increases the risk of schizophrenia . each participant ' s genetic risk profile - the number of genes related to schizophrenia each of them carried - was measured .
” [ states with more planned parenthood clinics have fewer teen births and sexually transmitted diseases ] the women ’ s health organization dodged a bullet last week when a house bill repealing parts of the affordable care act and blocking planned parenthood ’ s medicaid funding was pulled amid a rebellion of conservative and moderate republicans . ( lucas jackson/reuters ) this post has been updated . 18 , two days before president obama left office . it took effect jan. sen. no democrats supported the resolution . patty murray , d-wash. 9 , 2017 .
people who ate chocolate one to three times per month were about 10 percent less likely to be diagnosed with atrial fibrillation than those who ate the sweet treat less than once a month , researchers found . the condition increases a person ' s risk of strokes , heart failure and cognitive impairment . reuters/shannon stapleton eating a small amount of chocolate every week or so may decrease the risk of a common and serious type of irregular heart rhythm , according to a new study of people in denmark . you will be able to get a quick price and instant permission to reuse the content in many different ways .
mato grosso is the top producer of grains in brazil , and critics say expanding agriculture is also encroaching on the rainforest story_separator_special_tag de acordo com o ministro do meio ambiente , edson duarte , " o recrudescimento do crime organizado que atua no desmatamento ilegal da amazônia , destruindo as riquezas naturais do país e causando danos para toda sociedade , está associado a outras práticas criminosas , como tráfico de armas e animais , trabalho escravo , evasão de divisas e lavagem de dinheiro . it was almost too good to be true . even modest increases in deforestation could affect water
bush has been making the news rounds this week to promote his new art book , “portraits of courage : a commander in chief ’ s tribute to america ’ s warriors , ” a collection of the former president ’ s paintings of veterans . “had you put one on ? ” all three heard him say it . ” story_separator_special_tag that was some weird shit . george w. watch the video above . follow yashar ali on twitter : @yashar ” laughing , bush responded , “yeah , it looks like it.
i was a medic and a member of the 807th medical air evacuation transport squadron in catania , sicily . when we emerged from the clouds , our plane was very close to a german fighter plane and then to another . hayes ’ s recollections . on nov. ” mr. its compass and communications failed . if he discovered the names of anyone who had helped us , he had them and their families executed. “after the war was over , hoxha was ruthless . charles thrasher , 22 , anticipated no fighting . with him were a co-pilot , radio operator and crew chief .
this is eastern ghouta , where hundreds are being killed and injured by assad ' s forces read more amnesty international said “flagrant war crimes ” were being committed in eastern ghouta on an “epic scale. ( associated press ) beirut ( ap ) — intense syrian government shelling and airstrikes of rebel-held damascus suburbs killed at least 98 people in what was the deadliest day in the area in three years , a monitoring group and paramedics said tuesday . we ’ ve got nothing but god ’ s mercy and hiding out in our basements.
the first shooting occurred eastbound along i-10 , at approximately 11 : 03 a.m. a sport utility vehicle was fired upon and struck . " somebody knows something , " milstead said monday . 29 , 2015 photo provided by the arizona department of public safety shows a suv window shattered by a gun shot in phoenix . the other bullets hit the sides of the vehicles and a headlight . it ' s not known at this point if it ' s a copycat crime . only the driver was on-board and he was not injured . " authorities are asking for information from anybody who saw anything unusual on the freeway around the times when the shots were fired .
as amazing and fascinating as a few billion years ’ worth of fossils are , we still ultimately want that holy grail that illuminates the origins of life on earth . several minerals can be found within the blobs , which also contain bits of carbon-rich material . last august , for example , a paper claimed to show the remnants of stromatolites ( small mounds built by communities of shallow water microorganisms ) in 3.7 billion-year-old rocks in greenland . they are microscopic artwork : tiny tubes and long filaments , strange squiggles etched into some of the most ancient rocks known .
paul holes , a retired investigator with the contra costa county district attorney ' s office , confirmed friday that he used " open-source " site gedmatch to help law enforcement make the dna connection . digital access for only $ 0.99 for the most comprehensive local coverage , subscribe today . they then followed clues to individuals in the family trees to determine whether they were potential suspects . the results from testing that second sample came in while schubert was in her office monday night , she said . " and so i probably used a few words i wouldn ' t put in a newspaper , but basically said , ' you ' d better not be lying to me.
but carter ’ s acknowledgement that so few syrians have made it through the vetting process also led a number of senators on both sides of the aisle to raise important questions about the viability of the train-and-equip program , asking why it ’ s so difficult to find moderate rebels willing to take on isil . ( reporting by phil stewart and david alexander ; editing by doina chiacu ) story continued below sen. the united states is already conducting near daily air strikes against islamic state targets in syria and iraq . u.s. officials say the “isil-first ” strategy is essential because without a political structure in place to replace assad if he died or left power , chaos in syria would worsen and the state would fail , like in libya .
“the president says we have to have another tax increase in order to avoid the sequester , ” house speaker john boehner ( r-ohio ) said at a news conference monday . but this still leaves billions and billions for pork : armaments that don ’ t work and weapons systems that not even the pentagon wants . it ’ s time to cut spending here in washington. armstrong flight research center. take a guess . ” after rep. h.r . watergate . disco . “well , mr. i no longer believe the sky is falling .
black said . “i felt very strongly that the german government had a moral obligation and they accepted that , ” he added , making clear it was up to germany to decide whether to prosecute him . germany has a mixed record on convicting nazi war criminals . their unit also conducted bloody reprisal campaigns against polish partisans in the region around the town of lublin , but mr. all told , the justice department successfully charged and denaturalized 16 former ss members who served at trawniki . born in what was then poland but is now ukraine , palij emigrated to the united states in 1949 , becoming a united states citizen eight years later , the white house said .
" californians have shown that when there ' s a serious drought and a need to conserve , people step up and pitch in , " he said . " story_separator_special_tag 0 : 31 golden 1 center doors open , cowbells clang for kings home opener pause 1 : 15 turkeys gone wild in davis 0 : 42 mcclatchy high school students fight to save newspaper 1 : 08 driving to golden 1 center ? ( associated press ) fresno , calif. california is in its fifth year of drought , but regulators are considering the new approach as el nino storms delivered nearly average amounts of rain and snow this winter in northern california , filling key reservoirs .
he was on only liquids during the dive . hall , who works at eastman chemical company in kingsport , watched a lot of movies to pass the time while under the surface . the crew of the support boat that accompanied him on the journey included a medic and a navigator . asked to describe hall as he emerged , the trainer replied , " he ' s very , very cold , very wrinkled and gray . ben friberg , 35 , arrived in key west dehydrated and exhausted but otherwise in good shape . friberg is believed to be the first person to cross the entire straits on a paddleboard .
tagg ' s not it . however , i am currently committed to my business and to spending as much time as i can with my wife and children . story_separator_special_tag joel page/associated press tagg romney hasn ’ t previously run for office himself , but got campaign experience speaking on his father ’ s behalf during last year ’ s presidential race . klee@nydailynews.com robert hedlund ( r-weymouth ) . the boston herald reported early monday that romney was considering a bid for kerry ' s seat , after former republican sen. “it reminds me of the three stooges episode where the sergeant says ‘i need volunteers for a dangerous mission .
hensley was a frequent visitor at the complex , where he was in charge of tending to the mute swans , which had been brought in to control the geese . if you have a canada geese problem , you may have heard about repellants that could keep them away . clean up after outdoor meals , picnics and barbecues to ensure nothing is enticing them to your property . amy hensley ’ s lawsuit says the negligence of the companies , as well as the homeowners and condominium associations , caused her husband ’ s death . they will not harm the geese but force them into the water while not allowing them to come back out to feed on land .
it ' s good training . a father desperate to save his child from the smoke and flames quickly filling his apartment , tossed his baby from the second floor of a burning apartment building.fortunately , dekalb county firefighter robert sutton , who was among the first firefighters to arrive at the parks on glenwood , caught the baby in one swift move . it was a remarkable sight to see something like that . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . " it ' s a term that firefighters and officers alike don ' t hold onto or acknowledge , but it was heroic , " said captain eric jackson , the department ' s public information officer .
* technology spotted antibodies for disease in blood * findings need to be confirmed by julie steenhuysen chicago , jan 6 ( reuters ) - u.s. researchers have developed a way to harness the immune system to test for alzheimer ' s , an approach they say could lead to a blood test for the disease within months . 7 issue of cell . ' " the new research went about things differently . " we ' ve even looked at a couple of other forms of dementia . antibodies fight off infections but kodadek said researchers are beginning to think that most diseases cause changes in cells that make the body see the cells as foreign invaders .
police officers are seen in the central financial district of hong kong , after beijing ' s decision to tightly control the nomination of candidates for hong kong ' s 2017 election , august 31 , 2014. " we will … speed up and enhance an appropriate economic diversification and spare no effort to improve social well-being , " chui said in his victory speech . fellow activist sulu sou ka-hou said : " the less sincere the government is about political reform , the likelier it is for political activism to grow . a pro-democracy protester carries a placard which reads ' communist party , you lie !
opposition activists said many victims were taken prisoner by government forces and executed in basements . the group reported more than 200 people killed sunday . " the secretary general is certainly shocked by those reports and he strongly condemns this appalling and brutal crime , " nesirky told reporters . -- ' atrocity on a new scale ' -- ------------------------------- the white house said the reports of the daraya massacre were the latest evidence of assad ' s " wanton disregard for human life .
she pays tax on the income . under the belgian reform , queen fabiola , 84 , will see her annual allowance cut sharply to about 450,000 euros ( $ 588,900 ) from 1.3 million euros . critics accused the baudouin ' s widow of planning to funnel the funds to spanish relatives via the foundation , thus avoiding belgium ' s 70 percent death duties . a monarch who abdicated would also receive an allowance . money earmarked for staff and expenses related to carrying out his job will be taken from the initial stipend and will not be taxed , but those costs will be closely scrutinized .
city of waukegan nicole garza , an animal warden for the city of waukegan , rescues a 4-foot-long alligator that was discovered by a kayaker off waukegan harbor in lake michigan . “i went closer to see if it was real , ” he said . https://www.jsonline.com/story/news/local/milwaukee/2018/10/08/alligator-found-swimming-lake-michigan-waukegan-illinios/1570025002/ " these creatures are not indigenous . 8 , 2018. the snake was euthanized due to its wounds the next day . it is unknown how long the animal was in the water with its mouth taped shut , carmichael added , saying the alligator looked to be on the thin side from what he has seen so far .
such has been its focus that it has not capitalised on the work of its troops in rescuing thousands of story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) a girl rescued by nigerian troops from boko haram militants does not appear to be one of the girls abducted in 2014 from a school in the town of chibok , as was initially reported , an activist said friday . at least 35 boko haram fighters were killed . sani usman . she further added that she hails from madagali , adamawa state. the first girl to escape , amina ali darsha nkeki , met president muhammadu buhari yesterday .
she said that ' s when the organization contacted detroit police , who later made the connection between a body found in the detroit river in 2010 and the case of cage-toaster ' s missing daughter . negligence . incompetence . that nightmare is one that cage-toaster has endured for almost 8 years . " i knew i had to do my own my work , my own detective work , " she says . then , on sept. 29 , 2009. she just never imagined that it would end with such a painful and startling surprise .
" sp ausnet said in a statement that it had agreed to the settlement , but had not admitted liability . this fire , in the kilmore east area north of melbourne , killed 119 people and destroyed more than 1,000 homes . a 2009 royal commission found that the fire began when an electricity line failed between two poles . the group were awarded a settlement of a$ 497.4m ( $ 467m , £ 274m ) , of which sp ausnet will pay a$ 378.6m . it will then take 12 to 18 months to distribute the payouts , he said .
" watch : bristol palin marries dakota meyer ! " god has blessed us so much ; we are thankful for his grace and new beginnings . a springtime baby in the meyer home and we can ' t wait ! story_separator_special_tag congrats are in order for bristol palin and her husband , dakota meyer , who are expecting their second child together ! " the couple told et in an exclusive statement . " life is full of ups and downs but in the end , you ' ll end up where you ' re supposed to be , " they shared at the time .
focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
" the fact that he left the scene is the indication of consciousness of guilt . pearson ... he was taken to community regional medical center where he died from his wounds shortly after arriving.during the investigation , police said pearson went to his mother ' s house after leaving the jail and got into a fight with his sister ' s boyfriend willie gray . in this 2007 photo released by the fresno county superior court shows judge w. you think you did something wrong so you run away . it was just pure shock . kent hamlin .
“the possibility of more snow will continue for at least the next two weeks , ” he says . " there is story_separator_special_tag lane turner/globe staff lexington — judah cohen is positively giddy that we got hammered this winter . polar vortex may help winter come in like a lamb , go out like a lion irregularity in polar winds may create warm start , cold end to winter image 1 of / 1 caption close image 1 of 1 andrea lang , an assistant professor of atmospheric and environmental science at the university of albany , studies the polar vortex .
the three cars had a total of 13 passengers ; eight were injured and an additional two were not hurt , including the woman in the suv . ” said jachles . all three died , bitner said . the florida fish and wild-life commission said the everglades is the natural habitat of black bears . once they got out of their vehicle , a third car plowed into the disabled suv then hit the three good samaritans , authorities said . related content : watch maryann martinez ’ report , click here . " i have never heard of a case of a bear being in a traffic accident , " bitner said .
conner is not alone in being arrested for failing to mow her lawn . vincent has also spent time in pagedale jail as a result of his fines and fees and his failure to appear at one of pagedale ’ s court sessions . mildred bryant is 84 years old and living out her golden years in the home she ’ s owned for 46 years . valarie has received generic tickets for “house not up to code ” without further explanation . many find themselves in a never-ending cycle of being fined because they have not kept their homes up to the city ’ s standards and then are unable to fix their homes to fit the city ’ s instructions because they are spending so much money paying off their fines .
he graduated from the academy in 1985 and has repeatedly told cadets and staff that his highest priority is ensuring a climate of dignity and respect . " academy superintendent lt. the slurs were found in september at a dormitory that houses students attending the academy ' s prep school . " the statement added , " racism has no place at the academy , in any shape or form . ___ follow dan elliott at http://twitter.com/danelliottap . ( associated press ) file - in this sept. please try again later . gen. the interactive transcript could not be loaded .
she ’ s my everything , ” said woods . story_separator_special_tag authorities in north carolina are asking for the public ' s assistance for information to aid in the search of a 3-year-old girl who disappeared from her home sunday night . “please , bring her back ... " we don ’ t know what happened , " miller said monday . , the girl ’ s mother , kristy woods , called officials to report her daughter mariah was missing , officials said . “just to be able to touch her and hold her and not let her go again , i ’ d give anything .
— photo courtesy of lee ’ s family petaling jaya , april 16 — the family of dennis lee thian poh , who went missing during a trek in ampurna , nepal , on april 5 , hopes he will return in time for his second wedding anniversary on saturday . about so many people believe they can do it alone . “the weather is still bad . " the mountains are not your friends . search efforts in nepal have intensified with rescue teams combing the areas between khopra and bayeli as well as dobasto and tadatani .
story_separator_special_tag iran could produce enough weapons-grade uranium to build a nuclear bomb in as little as a month , according to a new estimate by one of the usa ' s top nuclear experts . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . ( twenty percent is important because the most challenging part of uranium enrichment happens below that threshold ; once you get to 20 percent , it ’ s relatively easy to enrich up to bomb-grade levels ) . but there is much working against a deal . in this picture taken on friday , nov.
" contact gatecrasher : frank digiacomo : fdigiacomo@nydailynews.com carson griffith : cgriffith@nydailynews.com adam caparell : acaparell@nydailynews.com story_separator_special_tag the seed for wide00014 was : - slash pages from every domain on the web : -- a ranking of all urls that have more than one incoming inter-domain link ( rank was determined by number of incoming links using wide00012 inter domain links ) -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked urls per domain - top ranked pages ( up to a max of 100 ) from every linked-to domain using the wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
here is a list of the banks that were involved in magnetar deals , along with links to many of the prospectuses on the deals , which skip over magnetar ’ s role . instead , it ’ s going after goldman . ” and in another more detailed statement , it said it “did not structure a portfolio that was designed to lose money. propublica ’ s ryan knutson contributed to this report . ( update 4/17 : magnetar denies it was making such bets. ( goldman sachs has called the sec ’ s accusations “completely unfounded in law and fact.
trump ’ s election victory and britain ’ s vote to leave the european union have also sparked an international debate over whether there is a political backlash against free trade and the benefits of globalisation . alibaba will create a global e-commerce platform that will sell official olympic products to fans . ma called it a " historic day for alibaba . " the past 30 years , ibm , cisco , microsoft , they ' ve made tens of millions — story_separator_special_tag alibaba has bagged a big olympic deal . neither alibaba nor the ioc would ma was asked by cnbc ' s andrew ross sorkin about the u.s. economy in relation to china , since president-elect donald trump has been talking about imposing new tariffs on chinese imports .
on tuesday , wikileaks dumped a trove of 8,700 documents that allegedly detail the cia ’ s secret hacking operations , including spying tools designed for mobile phones , pcs and smart tvs . it follows an introductory disclosure last month of cia targeting french political parties and candidates in the lead up to the 2012 presidential election . washington post national security reporter greg miller explains what these documents reveal . they include a fake off mode inserted into samsung televisions . mr. wikileaks said the source , in a statement , set out policy questions that “urgently need to be debated in public , including whether the c.i.a.
burwell also said that a half-million people who already have coverage through the program were able to log into their accounts this time . because of political opposition and technical issues , the federal government is running the health insurance exchange in most states . ___ online : health care website : https://www.healthcare.gov/ story_separator_special_tag getty burwell : 100,000 new obamacare applications secretary of health and human services sylvia mathews burwell said on sunday 100,000 people submitted new applications for obamacare in the first days of the second open enrollment period . but experts say overall national numbers can mask big changes from state to state , and sometimes even within parts of a state .
’ … “it ’ s a real privilege and a blessing to play in it . " 2 yrs ago i was told i might never walk again . ” according to herzlich , football was the second-biggest motivator , only behind his family , in his battle with cancer . he started in all 13 games , but did not catch the eye of nfl scouts and went undrafted . herzlich responded phenomenally to aggressive chemotherapy and radiation . although most of those fans will pull for the patriots on sunday , a few likely will cheer for herzlich , too .
a message was left with vang ’ s attorney wednesday seeking a response to the charges . vang was clearly aware of the precarious state of his partner ’ s emotions following her hospitalizations and he continued the relentless contacts until her death . now vang , 34 , of stewartville , is charged in olmsted county district court with third-degree murder , second-degree manslaughter and stalking in connection with haban ’ s dec. " i believe mr. 16 suicide . “we know there are going to be some challenges and some questions . she fell into a depression , and told a social worker that she felt as though vang had already killed her .
" there are people across the board -- folks who work inside the criminal justice system , folks who are affected by the criminal justice system , who are saying , ' there ' s got to be a better way , ' " obama told a crowd of 226 at the university . and that ’ s what we have to invest in . ” mr. " clearly this is part of his strategy for turning that around . he announced programs to help juveniles seal criminal records and to improve the chances of former prisoners to get government jobs , and grants to provide education and other help for ex-convicts returning to society .
payscale reviewed nearly 700 colleges and universities to calculate your tuition return on investment ( roi ) - what you get back for what you spend . and over at businessweek , there ' s a state-by-state breakdown of payscale ' s data , with a slideshow featuring the best-value school in each state . we ' ve highlighted the 13 schools with the top roi scores below . using 1.4 million reports , they calculated which colleges give the most bang for their buck . has your college degree given you a worthy roi ? compensation data site payscale has taken some uncertainty out of the equation by completing an in-depth tabulation of more than 850 colleges ' roi , or return on investment , scores .
in essence , the court ' s five-justice majority said that federal law trumps state law in the immigration area , lest each state develop its own policy toward immigrants . " and a political stunt . brown issued a statement tuesday night that called the federal lawsuit " sad ! justice department lawyers argue that california is blocking enforcement efforts by the department of homeland security and imposing other , impermissible obligations on the federal government . " becerra , a former democratic representative , will speak to the same group later wednesday . story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
judge jan jurden ' s sentencing order for robert h. richards iv was charged with fourth-degree rape in 2009 after he admitted that he had raped his daughter almost a decade ago . " prison is to punish , to segregate the offender from society , and the notion that prison serves people well hasn ' t proven to be true in most circumstances . o ' neill , whose office represents defendants who cannot afford a lawyer . nor do court records cite any physical illnesses . " richards , who is unemployed and supported by a trust fund , owns a 5,800-square-foot mansion in greenville he bought for $ 1.8 million in 2005.
people gather at the place royale in nantes to show their solidarity for the victims of the attack in paris ( getty ) she told the independent : “i am muslim and story_separator_special_tag new york ( cbsnewyork/ap ) — a crowd gathered in union square wednesday night to mourn the victims of the massacre of at least 12 people in a terror attack on a paris newspaper . image copyright afp similar vigils have been held in other cities . masked gunmen shouting ... 7 , 2015. many left candles and piles of pens in small memorials .
samuel is the ceo and founder of sold , an acronym for same old line dudes . a breeze ! he was the first in line , slept in a fold-up cot for two nights , had pizza delivered to his spot and snagged $ 1000 for the gig . samuel to spend so much time in line ? " i get hired by people who want stuff but their schedules are just tight . it hasn ’ t been all roses . ” after several months of being unemployed and depressed , mr. “a few minutes here , a few minutes there.
” what ’ s more , trump explains , “when you ’ re a star , they let you do it. the trump campaign told cbs the choice was not intentional . for the political party of the elephant , it was undoubtedly the elephant in the room . melania trump was stylish in a fuchsia top paired with matching pants while supporting husband donald trump at the second presidential debate on sunday , october 9. i don ' t even wait . louis . just kiss . specifically , trump tells then-“access hollywood ” host billy bush that he just goes up to “beautiful ” women and “grab[ s ] them by the p***y.
salazar said the deputy lost sight of her , so the deputy called for backup . " she was threatening harm to several witnesses , leading them to believe she was armed , salazar said . a bullet pierced the wall of the mobile home where kameron lived and lodged in his abdomen , salazar told reporters . " kameron was the kindest-hearted little boy that i have ever had the pleasure of teaching , " said shanda ince , kameron ’ s first-grade teacher . the local district attorney is investigating . the killing stunned the small community near san antonio .
beginning in spring 2018 , pfizer says , the otc version of viagra will be available to consumers ( as long as the pharmacist thinks it ’ s okay for the individual ) . viagra has already faced competition from generic drug competitors in europe after losing patent protection . globally , pfizer raked in about $ 1.6 billion in viagra sales in 2016 . “it ’ s important men feel they have fast access to quality and legitimate care , and do not feel they need to turn to counterfeit online supplies which could have potentially serious side effects , ” said mick foy , the mhra ’ s group manager in vigilance and risk management of medicines .
kassig enlisted as an infantryman , and was in the army from june 2006 to september 2007 before being medically discharged as a private first class , army officials aid . " we ask everyone around the world to pray for the henning family , for our son , and for the release of he story_separator_special_tag this is a set of web collections curated by mark graham using the archive-it service of the internet archive . they had maintained silence about his capture since he was taken hostage in 2013. but the group soon realized that was not a pressing need when compared to the increasingly dire food situation .
" suicide bombers and gunmen attacked the iranian parliament and the mausoleum of ayatollah khomeini in tehran on wednesday , killing at least 12 people in a twin assault that iran ' s revolutionary guards blamed on regional rival saudi arabia . for iran to be a “normal state , ” it must respect international law , he said . such their identities were not made clear . jubeir , who is in paris since tuesday , said that iran is a host for some al-qaeda leaders as well as other commanders from other terrorist organizations . we will remain , god willing.
his body is still on the island and attempts so far to retrieve it have been unsuccessful . “mr chau ’ s body should be left alone , as should the sentinelese. he was trying to convert the tribespeople to christianity . police in the andaman and nicobar islands , an indian territory in the bay of bengal , have made two boat trips to the area near north sentinel island since the missionary john allen chau was killed 11 days ago . " we are working on it . anthropologists and tribal experts were also consulted .
suppose you dug a tunnel through the center of earth , jumped in , and let gravity pull you through . but he sometimes answers physics questions on the website reddit . so alexander klotz , a graduate student in physics at mcgill university in montreal , canada , started thinking about what a more realistic analysis would yield . numerically , it is found that the time taken to fall along the diameter is 38 min , compared to 42 min for a planet with uniform density . the gravity tunnel problem is a staple of introductory physics courses because it simultaneously demonstrates both striking features of isaac newton ' s law of gravity and a common but very important type of cyclical motion .
the shin bet asserted that the plan was evidence of an “indefatigable ” desire on hamas ’ s part to rehabilitate its terror infrastructure in the west bank and to tug israel into a sharp military response , which might indirectly lead to the toppling of pa story_separator_special_tag jerusalem ( ap ) — israel ' s shin bet security service said thursday it had uncovered a vast hamas network in the west bank that was planning large-scale attacks against israelis in jerusalem . unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . " these
the object is only 1 to 2 metres in size , and its trajectory shows that it has a low density , and is perhaps hollow . ” also read : earth ’ s gravitational pull brings back king tides – find out where , when according to nasa there are more than half a million pieces of debris orbiting earth at speeds up to 17,500 mph . follow her on twitter @janmabr . she lives in northern california . but that may be the end of the concerted effort to study this class of object . an observing campaign is now taking shape to follow the object as it dives through earth ’ s atmosphere , says gerhard drolshagen , co-manager in noordwijk , the netherlands , of the european space agency ’ s near-earth objects office .
walters and mr. the sec on thursday said mickelson , who was not criminally charged , has agreed to pay back " all ill-gotten gains , " which , including interest , totals $ 1.03 million . after the united states court of appeals for the second circuit overturned the convictions of two hedge fund managers , todd newman and anthony chiasson , in december 2014 — and in the process imposed the greatest limits on prosecutors in a generation — the government predicted a chilling effect on future insider trading investigations . he is pleased that this matter is over , and he will have no further comment .
the lion ’ s gate sanctuary in agate said killing the animals was the only option after county commissioners denied it ’ s request to relocate . please click here for more information . we provide a safe haven for lions , tigers , bears , and wolves , oh my ! jim hansen has lived near the sanctuary for many years . they home 5,000 pounds of meat 1,600 pounds of produce this is how much food our residents consume in one month . ” ( story continues below slideshow. it may take a village to raise a child but it takes the support and care of donors to feed and care for these majestic animals .
thomas can check one thing off his bucket list after backing a car through a garage door on purpose with his family ' s help .... it ’ s kind of nice of them to think of old grandpa , ” walter thomas said . brian thomas ’ friends , nick and jamielynn wedoff , were planning to demolish their one-car garage , built in 1921 , soon to make way for a new two-story addition at their hill street home . the door frame remained unscathed . " like " the woodstock independent facebook page “i appreciate the kids getting together .
pete evans ' co-authored paleo diet cookbook for babies under investigation updated a cookbook that recommends feeding infants bone broth as a baby formula is being investigated by the federal health department and leading health groups say some of the book ' s recipes are potentially risky for babies . it would not comment further , and neither would the authors . none have medical qualifications . although the paleolithic or stone age diet first appeared in the 1970s , it has received renewed interest over the past few years . " i think the accc should be looking very hard at this particular claim .
he was released without bail and an order of protection was issued in roberts ’ favor . ( jay davies for new york daily news ) beltrani also served as chairman for the queens republican ” brooklyn judge in hot water for hurling threat at prosecutor roberts , 48 , suffered a black eye and a separated shoulder when he hit the ground after taking a pair of unexpected blows to the head from the beefy beltrani . i do justice and i f — ing kill people ! toward sixth ave. beltrani walked away on w. 18th st.
( associated press ) the bus overturned wednesday afternoon in bonner springs while carrying students from pembroke hill school , a private school in nearby kansas city , mo . it had to be god with them on that bus , " witness marvin cawthon said . the kansas highway patrol said the wreck occurred just before 1 p.m. near kansas highway 32. the area is a camp , retreat center and conference center . altogether , 22 girls ages 11 and 12 years old were injured , according to the khp report . mcdaniel st. the driver , elmer scott jr.
orange is the new black star laverne cox was announced to be madame tussauds ’ first transgender wax figure . i hope that this will be a source of inspiration for everyone who encounters it to believe that their dreams matter and are possible. cox will unveil her statue at the san francisco location ahead of the city ' s 45th annual pride celebration &amp; parade on june 26. “i am so deeply honored to have been asked to be part of the madame tussauds legacy , ” cox said in a statement . she is the first transgender person to be nominated for an emmy in an acting category , and to appear on the cover of time magazine .
the man , surnamed yuan , received visits and greetings from more than a dozen women between the ages of 20 to 40-years-old , all of which claimed to be his wives or girlfriends , after he was hospitalized due to injuries in a car accident . she said she had learned that some of yuan ' s other girlfriends had given him money each month - sometimes large sums - with one woman providing him with financial support for nine years . what can i do now ? so as a consequence , they were cheated on . a commentator from jiangsu province wrote : " a liar always acts perfectly .
10 , 2012 , in new york . ( ap photo/frank franklin ii ) ( associated press ) wrong . from a marketing and endorsement standpoint lin has a tremendous amount of potential . in fact , it might be time to safely say that jeremy lin mania is out in full force on the streets of manhattan . lin had the most astounding performance of his remarkable week , scoring a career-high 38 points and outdueling bryant as new york held off the los angeles lakers 92-85 on friday night . mvp ! i ' m not too worried about proving anything to anybody .
sharon stone ' s former nanny is suing her , claiming the " basic instinct " actress used racially derogatory comments around her and violated labor laws . elemen , a filipino woman who worked as stone ' s live-in housekeeper and nanny for five years , filed a lawsuit today in los angeles superior court blaming stone for various offenses . credit : todd williamson/wireimage/getty images . she was ordered to pay him $ 232,000 . the nanny was seeking an unspecified amount of unpaid wages , damages and penalties . elemen said stone withheld overtime payment from her .
a 17-year-old boy was also shot and survived in the wednesday afternoon incident during dismissal at huffman high school in birmingham , police said . due to their diligent work a person of interest has been taken into custody . " abc news ' rachel katz and david caplan contributed to this report . the shooting , however , was captured on video and led authorities to pursue the charges against the student . were parents notified of a lockdown ? we just need two paramedic vehicles to get these two kids out . the term is more of a colloquialism , rather than an official definition .
deputy dean zipes was fired april 21 , according to an internal affairs report obtained by wesh 2 news . in one scene , washington confronts a suspected rapist and points two guns back and forth from his chest to straight out in front of him , then rubs the weapons together . during the incident in which he made a motion to draw his gun at the delivery man , zipes joked that the delivery man was alleged murderer markeith loyd , the report said . alertme story_separator_special_tag lake county , fla. a deputy in training who witnessed it reported " deputy tammy peshek was upset that deputy zipes would act in an unsafe manner.
that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web . did somebody help him ... west valley city utah police chief buzz nielson told reporters in graham , wash.
” 7as you endure this divine discipline , remember that god is treating you as his own children . mcclure wants to hold men accountable and encourage them to stay out of strip clubs and spend more time being good fathers and family members . he says the big picture is making birmingham better . to know god has a greater cause for your life , " he said . copyright 2013 wbrc . all rights reserved . now he is seated in the place of honor beside god ’ s throne . new living translation << hebrews 12 >> new living translation god ’ s discipline proves his love 1therefore , since we are surrounded by such a huge crowd of witnesses to the life of faith , let us strip off every weight that slows us down , especially the sin that so easily trips us up .
) for a vote . ) is intent on keeping pressure on senate republicans to move quickly on the bill rolling back and replacing much of the 2010 health law , lawmakers and gop aides said . pat toomey ( r-pa. story continued below sen. " it ' s close . mcconnell can only afford two defections , with every senate democrat expected to be a “no ” vote . , ky. in an effort to buck up the conservatives , the republican study committee ( rsc ) — the largest group of conservatives in the house — warned that the senate risks seeing its bill die in the house if it drifts too far to the center .
and then , there ’ s . all of the expenditures came out of schock ' s taxpayer-funded office account , which lawmakers can use to buy office furniture and pay for renovations.the official handbook for members of congress says " ordinary and necessary expenses related to the acquisition of items for use in offices are reimbursable from the applicable office funds . aaron schock ’ s ( r-ill. ] this was a bold room . a federal-style bull ’ s-eye mirror with an eagle perched on top . “who told you you could do that ? nbc chicago ’ s political reporter mary ann ahern reports .
” ( ft. “talkin ’ bout hey love ” ( 1991 ) de la followed up 3 feet high with the pitch-dark , controversial , and totally brilliant de la soul is dead . in 1999 this beat sounded throwback ; in 2014 it just sounds timeless . " it ' s been too long where our fans haven ' t had access to everything . : real talk ) . “oooh. story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
he was moved from one jail to another for nearly seven years when he was finally released in 1969 , police escorted him to the remote village of tirodi in madhya pradesh and told him to start a life there . along with family : vishnu wang , daughter anita wankhede , daughter-in-law neha wang and grandson khanak wang . india got both bricks and bouquet . maybe memories too . last week , chinese foreign ministry spokesperson , lu kang subtly indicated “left home young and return old , the accent has not been changed but the hair has been gray .
" in august last year , he had reluctantly pleaded guilty to using a postal service to send the " harassing or offensive " letters to the story_separator_special_tag monis had conviction for sending offensive letters to relatives of australian victims of terrorism and troops killed in afghanistan until his entry into the global media spotlight as the shadowy figure at the centre of the sydney siege , man haron monis had long been viewed as a fringe figure in sydney ’ s islamic community , his self-radicalisation rooted in grievances against the australian government and increasing marginalisation among his peers .
trump . lewis ’ s biography and record , mr. john lewis – a civil rights legend already locked in a war of words with president-elect donald trump – a “racist pig. trump had wished to call attention to democratic policy failures in america ’ s cities . trump ’ s behalf ; hillary clinton would almost surely have won if the f.b.i . in fact , it ’ s an act of patriotism . martin luther king day jr. trump ’ s administration . ” others skipping the event include representatives raúl m. by any reasonable standard , the 2016 election was deeply tainted .
" it ' s inevitable that we will see it on the beaches , " said keith wilkins , deputy chief of neighborhood and community services for escambia county . the cap could be placed over the spill as early as wednesday . coast guard adm. those words don ' t represent how i feel about this tragedy , and certainly don ' t represent the hearts of the people of bp -- many of whom live and work in the gulf -- who are doing everything they can to make things right . crude has already been reported along barrier islands in alabama and mississippi , and it has polluted some 125 miles of louisiana coastline .
gerney thinks the answer is yes : “clinton ’ s story_separator_special_tag speaking at the white house on thursday evening , a visibly frustrated and emotional president obama remarked on the deadly shooting at a community college in oregon . “it ’ s a lot more clear today than it was a year ago how to work this out. but if clinton could do this as president , couldn ’ t obama do this by executive action right now ? gun control advocates point out that under federal law , those “engaged in the business ” of selling firearms must perform background checks , but federal regulations defining that phrase are too vague , allowing too many gun sales to proceed without such a check .
" i have a contractor that is one of the biggest in the nation , they ' re doing it . ” “hillary ’ s weak on immigration , ” he said . “and i ’ ll tell you something , if i get the nomination , i ’ ll win the latino vote. who cares ? believe me . " trump was also asked about a washington post report that quoted undocumented immigrants working on his hotel project in washington , d.c. macy ' s , serta , nbc universal and univision have announced that they ' ve severed business ties with him .
" it was clearly a terror attack , intended to kill as many people as possible , " josep lluis trapero , a senior police official for spain ' s catalonia region told reporters late thursday . authorities said the dead included a belgian and a greek woman was among the injured . suspected jihadists have been behind the previous attacks . they declined to identify them . others were ushered inside shops by officers with their guns drawn or fled in panic , screaming and carrying young children in their arms . 17 , 2017. early friday , catalan police said they shot and killed five suspects in a seaside resort town south of barcelona in response to a terrorist attack .
private timeline 9/11 — public statements secretary clinton ' s 10 : 08 p.m. statement on the attack in benghazi : " i condemn in the strongest terms the attack on our mission in benghazi today . “witnesses interviewed and we ’ re not told about it . representatives jim jordan and mike pompeo have signed onto the official majority document and authored a supplemental , 51-page " additional views " report of their own . elijah cummings ( d-md. story_separator_special_tag rep. * * * some have sought to justify this vicious behavior as a response to inflammatory material posted on the internet .
secretary clinton : well , i think it says that we prioritize . are they always there to welcome you when you land ? i love what we ’ re doing , i ’ m honored to represent our country everywhere we go , and i feel like we are making a difference . and it is for me a moveable adventure . join her on " special air mission 883 " as it heads from the us to the middle east and africa . question : okay . also , i know very simple things – drink a lot of water , deep breathing , try to get a little bit of sunshine if you can every day .
story_separator_special_tag japan ’ s work culture is notoriously punishing . image copyright premium friday image caption premium friday has its own logo it is not the first time overwork has been seen as a problem nor the first time anyone has tried to do something about it . ) ” said keidanren chairman sadayuki sakakibara following takahashi ’ s suicide , japan ’ s kyodo news agency reports . the number of public holidays in japan this year increased to 16 in part aimed at forcing people to take breaks . beginning feb. 24. japanese workers typically use just half of their annual paid leave entitlements .
collectors are companies that collect used clothing and other household textiles from the public . used clothing " graders " sort the items assign a " grade " and re-sell the graded product . if not , let ' s make it convenient for people to dispose of it elsewhere . in a nation that churns out those in the textile-recycling industry are now trying to clear up the confusion . ” while sweden is a leader in eliminating the use of fossil fuels , the fast fashion cycle encouraged by brands such as h&m ; is far from sustainable , as 15 tons of discarded clothing from a single warehouse would indicate .
a barrage of lawsuits is expected by groups looking to block president donald trump ' s order on monday drastically reducing utah ' s bears ears and grand staircase-escalante national monuments . " " * president bill clinton , sept. nothing could be further from the truth . 18 , 1996 though the day starts cool and gray , by noon the sun this action is unprecedented and widely unpopular . in a victory for native american tribes and conservationists , the designation protects land that is considered sacred and is home to an estimated 100,000 archaeological sites , including ancient cliff dwellings .
( associated press ) paris ( ap ) — there ' s no evidence of foul play or violence in celebrity chef anthony bourdain ' s death in a french hotel room , a french prosecutor said saturday . rocquigny said there did not appear to be much planning in the television personality ' s suicide . this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag this handout image taken on monday june 4 , 2018 , and released by jean-david schroeder on friday june 8 , 2018 , shows julien schroeder , center , the chef of the petite venise restaurant in colmar , eastern ...
madison said the video depicted officers who showed " overwhelming indifference " to tamir as he lay on the ground . cleveland mayor frank jackson ' s administration denied northeast ohio media group ' s dec. they were not immediately for comment wednesday night . 22. that video ends with loehmann shooting tamir . eventually the officers handcuffed the girl and placed her in the back of the police cruiser , less than 10 feet from her dying brother . tamir is whisked away on a stretcher a little over 13 minutes after the shooting . " this is the level of service that makes people very upset and distrustful of law enforcement .
( associated press ) a soldier participating in a mutiny stands near civilians and burning tires lit in support of the mutiny , in bamako , mali wednesday march 21 , 2012. a spokesman for the renegade soldiers , identified on screen as lt amadou konare , said they had ended the " incompetent regime " of president amadou toumani toure . the unrest has forced tens of thousands to flee , and has prompted fierce criticism of mali ' s government . on wednesday the mutineers had taken over the state radio and tv broadcaster in bamako and took it off air .
so before you go running off story_separator_special_tag nasa has initiated a " space poop challenge , " and is calling on innovators to come up with new designs for a spacesuit waste management system . solutions should provide for urine collection of up to 1l per day per crew member , for a total of 6 days . but that ’ s just it -- we have to consider that issue . up to $ 30,000 in prize money is up for grabs . ” during spaceflight astronauts can be in their suits for more than 10 hours at a time .
here ' s the video , via abc news : the joint press conference launched obama ' s european tour this week , during which obama announced a $ 1 billion plan to increase american military deployments to europe : " our commitment to poland ' s security as well as the security of our allies in central and eastern europe is a cornerstone of our own security and it is sacrosanct , " obama said . for one trip this oakland fans want to gossip session -- -- partisan member states of nato if you moved on abbas and -- anger among them russians have been modernized issues .
barr . hayes jr. " ice has referred these allegations to the dhs office of inspector general and the ice office of professional responsibility for review . both accounts described the actions of barr , who was also mentioned in hayes ' lawsuit . the affidavit went on to say : " during this party , suzanne barr approached me and offered to " perform oral sex . hayes have added to a sense of unrest in the agency , immigration and customs enforcement , an arm of the department of homeland security . until mr. ms.
and i am a black male student in a predominately white university so that ' s a struggle in itself . " reeder says he beat the statistics . reeder may be making headlines now - but it ' s clear his story is far from over . " i literally tweeted , i went to sleep , my phone was dead , " he said . story_separator_special_tag this collaborative project is an extension of the 2016 end of term project , intended to document the federal government ' s web presence by archiving government websites and data . " that one thing stood out to me .
“i do know that she has always been ready and willing to accept responsibility for any wrongdoing , and that she will accept the consequences , ” her mother , billie winner-davis , told the atlanta-journal constitution on thursday . russian general staff main intelligence directorate actors … executed cyber espionage operations against a named u.s. company in august 2016 , evidently to obtain information on elections-related software and hardware solutions . 15. the report indicates that russian hacking may have penetrated further into u.s. voting systems than was previously understood . she is a true patriot &amp; hero .
in 2006 he was involved in a row with rod stewart after telling guests at the event he had slept with his daughter kimberly . ' but they did look f****** fantastic , lets face it , while they were killing people on the basis of their religion and sexuality . ' meaning that gq can now stand for genocide quips . these files are currently not publicly accessible . turned off duplicate detection . the comic , who picked up a gong at the gq men of the year awards , criticised the german fashion firm , who sponsored the show , for making uniforms for hitler ' s regime .
on tuesday , the court ordered state authorities to " notify all affected defendants of our decision ... the accusations called into question any test result involving a machine dennis handled , including devices used by local police in middlesex , monmouth , ocean , somerset , and union counties between 2008 and 2016. cassidy died of a terminal illness in march , but the justices still ruled on the case because of the " significant public importance " of the issue . so that they may take appropriate action . sgt . story_separator_special_tag trenton , n.j. it is unclear how state courts and law enforcement officials will now proceed .
tune in to see who stays and who goes when " dancing with the stars : all-stars " airs on mondays and tuesdays at 8 p.m. et on abc . " although ballas says elimination " just sucks , " he feels accomplished this season . " i had an awesome time and an awesome partner and i wish everyone the best of luck , " palin said before leaving the stage . during monday ' s performances , palin and ballas did some rock ' n roll and she was praised for her improvement , while alley and chmerkovskiy were stuck with the charleston .
had he issued a statement to that effect?he shrugged his shoulders with a ' why bother? it ’ s not accurate , romney said , simply . she can get a new photo of romney and get me for the same price . mcquaid publisher the waitresses at the red arrow diner in manchester weren ' t happy with the mitt romney picture they have on their wall of fame . the difference is some kind of technical argument over square-footage measurements of “non-living space ” like a basement and a garage . he was animated and not afraid to disagree - politely - with one woman on social security issues.it is tough to deal with stereotypes .
the donations were pledged in $ 10 increments to the red cross for haiti disaster relief , by far the largest outpouring of support via mobile devices in history . and on social networks twitter and facebook , users continued to urge one another to text money as well . a year earlier , following the asian tsunami that left 230,000 people dead , the organization received $ 200,000 through text messages , verizon wireless said , citing industrywide figures . update : i ' d take readers who stand up for companies more seriously if i saw more evidence that they thought like companies .
rebels in ukraine and nationalists in russia have called for the kremlin to protect the insurgents , but russian president vladimir putin has so far made no comment on the rebels ' defeat in slovyansk , while state media and other officials have downplayed the loss . ukrainian troops are building their own pillboxes to reinforce checkpoints and sandbag bunkers once manned by pro-russian militiamen . lenin ’ s statue now supports a shield " i don ' t think we will go there . a 10-day cease-fire that ended in late june was punctuated by frequent clashes and provided no progress in reaching a negotiated settlement .
( associated press ) police on bikes cycle across the boston marathon finish line prior to a remembrance ceremony for family members and survivors of the 2013 boston marathon bombing on boylston street in boston , tuesday , ... you are truly inspiring . we hope you feel all the emotion we feel when we say ' thank you. he called them " guardian angels . it has been the most humbling experience of our lives . ' " downes was a newlywed at the time of the attack . vice president joe biden is expected to be among the dignitaries tuesday during ...
his remarks , in a voice that was hoarse at times , followed monday ' s resignation notice which spoke of " a life dedicated to prayer " ; the vatican has said the 85-year-old german will live within its walls . photo : getty images . peter ' s basilica . he will remain one of roman catholicism ' s leading story_separator_special_tag pope benedict xvi attends ash wednesday mass at the vatican february 13 , 2013. 28 , risks becoming a rival to his successor , if unwittingly . stacy meichtry reports on the news hub . wednesday provided two examples of how the former officeholder could cast a shadow over his successor ' s work .
the parks spoke last week of their joy at having the children home for christmas and told the bbc they were " three little bundles of miracles " . a facebook appeal has now been set up to help her husband steven look after his young family . rachel said : “crawford house meant we were only a phone call away , and could be there in five minutes if they were poorly – which happened a few times . what does verified mean ? story_separator_special_tag get daily updates directly to your inbox + subscribe thank you for subscribing !
it also notes that auto mileage and greenhouse gas emissions rules that the obama administration has already issued “anticipated nationwide availability of clean compatible fuels. ” charles t. the proposed standards , which had been stuck in regulatory limbo since 2011 , would reduce the amount of sulfur in u.s. gasoline by two-thirds and impose fleet-wide pollution limits on new vehicles by 2017. . . a joint presentation from the trade groups for the meeting calls the rules “critically important , ” argues they will provide public health benefits , and calls them necessary for harmonization with california ’ s emissions rules .
advertisement the teenager , who is understood to have been visiting taree with his family , had been celebrating his 18th birthday with a group of people on the night he was struck by the train , police said . that was definitely unwarranted , and no one will tolerate that , " he said . police today said adrian simon died at john hunter hospital on christmas eve , three days after he was hit by a train . when paramedics arrived , their ambulance windscreen was smashed and paramedics were " blocked , pushed and verbally abused " during their initial attempts to treat the man , police said .
sara ’ s husband , harold ‘butch ’ knight is wanted for the murder . — while a manhunt stretching from michigan to maine reaches the 10 month mark , the daughter of the woman harold ' butch ' knight is suspected of strangling to death in january thinks he ' s hiding out much closer than anyone realizes . she loved everyone her two kids and many grand kids . but cops say butch is not nice at all . on jan. butch knight looks like your average guy . since , police and law enforcement around the country have been searching for knight .
it was revealed that latulip had suffered a head injury shortly after arriving in the city years ago and " effectively forgot who he was . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . with a report from ctv kitchener ' s allison tanner police say a dna test on friday confirmed his identity and a reunion with his family is in the works . catharines , ont. const . " it ' s the only case , that i know of , where we ' ve been able to find someone who has been missing for this period of time , " det .
a presidential election ... ( ap photo/sergei grits ) ( associated press ) belarusian president alexander lukashenko with his youngest son nikolai casts his ballot at a polling station during the presidential election in minsk , belarus , sunday , oct. to come out and vote . so we ’ ve decided to put together a list of the worst of the worst . for 24 years running , the central asian nation near the caspian sea has been terrorized by its own leader , who has killed thousands of unarmed protesters , forced children to work in slavelike conditions and imprisoned thousands for their religious beliefs .
according to the center ’ s analysis , the government would have to cut 44 percent of spending immediately . on aug. there wouldn ’ t be enough — in fact , there would be a $ 134 billion shortfall in august alone . members of both parties have balked , saying they first want a plan to tame the growth of the debt . geithner has warned that a default would deal a severe blow to the economy . treasury secretary timothy f. bush administration . obama could decide to pay half “you ’ re going to lose.
once unwrapped , officers found approximately 71 pounds of marijuana , 360 thc pills and a pound of hash wax oil . a drug-sniffing police dog alerted troopers to the contents . the trunk and back seat of a rented ford expedition was packed with boxes wrapped to look like christmas presents . if convicted , he faces up to 16 years in prison and up to a $ 30,000 fine . # # # 16-116 yates , 31 , of eureka , calf , was incarcerated in the wood county jail and charged with possession and trafficking in drugs , both second-degree felonies .
story_separator_special_tag this video from compassion over killing alleges mistreatment of chickens at a tyson ' s chicken ( compassion over killing ) this video from compassion over killing alleges mistreatment of chickens at a tyson ' s chicken ( compassion over killing ) an animal rights group has released graphic video that appears to show the mistreatment of chickens by tyson foods employees in virginia , leading to at least two animal control investigations . on wednesday , it condemned the workers ’ behavior . . . “you can ’ t let nobody see you do that , ” the man said , describing the act as “inhumane.
trump says irma will cost " a lot of money " but he isn ' t thinking about that right now . despite a 10-mile east shift sunday afternoon hurricane irma still was poised to travel north and strike tampa as a weaker storm before daybreak monday , the national hurricane center said . water rose by 4 feet in 30 minutes in some places . ( ap photo/alan diaz ) ( associated press ) st. petersburg , fla. these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to .
the australian prime minister is knitting a kangaroo for the royal baby which is due next month . in an accompanying interview feature published online gillard spoke on a range of issues , including her career legacy , family , september ' s federal election and her republican views . news limited columnist andrew bolt said gillard was " giving encouragement to young female politicians by plying a hobby now synonymous with mad old aunts . during the knitting photoshoot , gillard remarked " this feels slightly absurd " . commentators have pointed out that gillard has traditionally rejected feminine presentations .
now if this was president bush or if this were a republican in office who hadn ' t received as much support even as president obama has from bp and other oil companies , you know the mainstream media would be all over his case in terms of asking questions , why the administration didn ' t get in there -- didn ' t get in there and make sure that the regulatory agencies were doing what they were doing with the oversight to make sure that things like this don ' t happen . he overlooks “my children ’ s play area ” and “piper ’ s bedroom , " palin complains in one of her facebook posts about mcginniss .
“she didn ’ t tell any of her family what she had done to jordan because she was afraid , ” the statement said . hundreds of posters were put up and officers searched a 20-block radius around the home . vong was reported missing about 4 : 30 p.m. from the 4900 block of fairplay street near chambers road and bolling drive . police combed through neighborhoods . jordan lay down on her bed . , the child came downstairs and asked her to play video games with him . the fbi was also called in . the defendant ’ s first appearance in district court has not yet been scheduled .
the two-round presidential election is set for april 23 and may 7 . ( associated press ) paris ( ap ) — facebook says it has targeted 30,000 fake accounts linked to france ahead of the country ' s presidential election , as part of a worldwide effort against misinformation . compte tenu de « l ’ intervalle de confiance » , autrement dit de la marge d ’ erreur de l ’ ordre de 2,7 points pour un échantillon de cette taille et pour des scores de plus ou moins 20 % d ’ intentions de vote , ces quatre candidats sont actuellement dans un mouchoir de poche , sans qu ’ il soit encore possible de déterminer les deux finalistes .
” related tom petty ’ s former encino mansion comes up for sale tom petty boxed set of unreleased music coming in september the custom cover artwork for “an american treasure ” was created by american artist shepard fairey from an image of petty by photographer petty had been prescribed drugs to treat emphysema , knee issues and a fractured hip , according to a statement from his family . the collection will encompass 60 tracks in total . he died hours later . the last album petty released under his own name was 2014 ’ s hypnotic eye .
richard oland died , as he lived , in a public , sordid fashion . the defence sees " no need to call any other evidence , " lawyer gary miller announced to the saint john court of queen ' s bench . 14 at 9 : 30 a.m. at . it was the second day dennis oland testified in his own defense . 16. the attacker used something like a drywall hammer to break apart the bones in his face . the blood soaked through three layers of flooring into the ceiling of the office below . the multimillionaire had suffered 45 sharp and blunt force injuries to his head , neck and hands .
snapchat ' s parent company could go public as early as wednesday . the company is aiming to price shares between $ 14 and $ 16 , which would give the company a total market value of $ 20 billion . snap set its i.p.o . its daily active user base rose to 158 million in the latest quarter , up from 107 million the year before , although the growth has decelerated a bit in the past couple of quarters . snap ' s ipo is the biggest tech offering since alibaba group ' s september 2014 share sale .
consequently , where data for fair value values were missing in the 2017 data , we computed the percentage growth in the cost of stock awards ( stock_awards ) between 2016 and 2017 and applied that growth to the previous year ’ s fair value number for that firm to obtain an estimate of the fair value of stock awards in 2017. bezos ’ s personal fortune now tops $ 154bn while zuckerberg ’ s is close to $ 66bn , according to forbes . but neither man is waiting on his monthly paycheck . last year , mcdonald ’ s boss steve easterbrook earned $ 21.7m while the mcdonald ’ s workers earned a median wage of just $ 7,017 – a ceo to worker pay ratio of 3,101 to one .
in 2010 , yelp lost $ 9.6 million on $ 47.7 million in revenue . yelp also competes with angie ' s list , story_separator_special_tag yelp ' s popular online reviews guide the hungry to the best restaurants , the thirsty to the friendliest bars and the flabby to the toughest personal trainers . jeremy stoppelman , co-founder and ceo of yelp inc. but while those stocks made large first-day gains , they have since declined . like yelp , groupon is losing money . last month , yelp set a target range between $ 12 and $ 14 a share .
” it ’ “they were glowing and floating on the surface , completely covering the sea ” few marine scientists have seen pyrosomes in the flesh because during the day they stay in the depths , sometimes up to 700 metres under the surface and usually in the open sea . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . read more https://t.co/pz8aqhhc2a #oncabyss pic.twitter.com/18rnlijwmw pyrosomes are tubular , gelatinous creatures that are actually moving colonies of tiny organisms . one research boat caught 60,000 of them in five minutes . it ’ s just very unusual to find them so close to shore , so evenly distributed , and so abundant.
the ads spread polarizing views on topics such as immigration , race and gay rights , instead of backing a particular political candidate , it said . mueller iii are probing russian interference in the u.s. election , including allegations that the kremlin may have coordinated with the trump campaign . facebook says likely russia-based group paid for political ads during us election facebook said on wednesday it had found that an influence operation probably based in russia spent $ 100,000 on ads promoting divisive social and political messages in a two-year-period through may . " the acknowledgment by facebook comes as congressional investigators and special counsel robert s.
both cagnina and peterson maintained they were retaliated against after they complained about leukert ' s alleged misconduct . hooters of america released a statement wednesday in reaction to the lawsuit . leukert once took the cellphone of a female hooters general manager cagnina was dating and viewed " private , intimate photos " of the plaintiff on the device , the complaint alleges . copyright city news service within months , he was fired with no explanation as to why . their attorney , jason oliver , did not immediately return a call for comment . leukert also " continually tried getting mr.
a trinidadian national observed " walking awkwardly " in kennedy airport was nabbed for smuggling nearly two pounds of heroin in his underwear , authorities said tuesday . charles was ordered held without bail . customs &amp; border protection bernard charles , a trinidad and tobago citizen was discovered at john f. check out these other stories from cbsnewyork.com : u. s. the drugs have a street value of more than $ 70,000 , authorities said . charles was arrested and turned over to homeland security investigations and faces federal narcotics smuggling charges . the packages contained a brown paste-like substance that tested positive for heroin , authorities said .
" he told trump about the exchange several hours later and the two laughed about it , schiller told investigators , according to sources familiar with the interview . he said did not see anyone enter trump ’ s room . interested in donald trump ? white house officials declined to comment . trump has also denied those allegations himself , saying he knew there could be cameras hidden inside hotel rooms in russia . " we are appalled by the leaks that are coming from partisan insiders from the house intelligence committee , " sears said in a statement .
" ahead of them was 17-year-old regina akerson , a phoenix high school senior who wrote a report on mccain her freshman year and needs to attend a government ceremony for class . former arizona sen. " imagining an arizona without john mccain is like picturing arizona without the grand canyon , " ducey said . black curtains hung in the rotunda . later in the afternoon , the capitol will be open to the public to pay their respects . they took shelters from the hot sun under tents erected by security teams while volunteers filled coolers with ice and water bottles .
" ) " if you put together all that we ' re learning about gale crater and mars , you really begin to chip away the rock and the sculpture inside emerges , " said pan conrad , an astrobiologist with nasa ' s goddard space flight center and a co-author on several of the papers . early mars , it has become increasingly apparent , was in many important ways similar to earth . image released dec. 3 . no - mars once had life , but those organisms are long dead . 9 , 2013. as a result , the mission has given greater credibility to the view that thousands of additional fossil formations of what appear to be ancient streams , channels , deltas , and lakes likely are just what they appeared to be .
in 1986 , n ' dour released an album entitled " nelson mandela , " as a tribute to the future president of south africa . the obamas also met privately with members of mandela ' s family . however , the former south african president ' s legacy hung over obama ' s trip . " mandela died earlier thursday at 95. " he no longer belongs to us . he had spent much of the year in and out of the hospital , and his illness prevented a meeting with obama when the u.s. president visited south africa this summer .
' ' jackson wished vernon the best and said , " it took a lot of courage to do what he did. jackson was 19 when he was convicted along with bridgeman and bridgeman ’ s brother , ronnie , in the 1975 shooting death and robbery of harold franks , a cleveland-area money order salesman . the ohio innocence project has set up a fund for jackson . jackson agreed . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . cuyahoga county prosecutor story_separator_special_tag cleveland , ohio – ricky jackson left his life behind bars today , walking out of the justice center after spending 39 years in prison for a crime he didn ' t commit .
the official said investigators are also looking into what kind of drugs were on the plane and at prince ' s house in suburban minneapolis . authorities have said that prince was alone when he died and that neither foul play nor suicide is suspected . abc , nbc , cbs , and cnn , citing unidentified law enforcement ... ( associated press ) file - in this nov. narcan can be used on people even if an overdose isn ' t confirmed because it wouldn ' t necessarily be harmful . in a three-page incident report , the carver county sheriff ’ s office cited an exception to minnesota public-records laws that allows it to suppress information relating to a “criminal ” probe in deciding to release only scant information about the 911 response to the paisley park complex in chanhassen that morning .
she had been advised by her attorney that signing the agreement was the best thing for her and her family . i guess even now i can ’ t really comprehend everything. 17 , weinstein resigned from the company ’ s he used these story_separator_special_tag the harvey weinstein sexual assault saga is a scandal for the ages . those funds would take twc ’ s long-suffering investors out of the equation , and far exceeds the $ 150 million-$ 175 million that colony capital offered in a bottom-feeding bid that was fed to the press as cataclysmic when the board rejected it .
the most controversial aspect of responsibleohio ' s proposal is a limit on the cultivation of the commercial crop to 10 farms , which are named in the marijuana legalization amendment . 18 to determine responsibleohio ' s ballot language and issue number . by reforming marijuana laws in november , we ' ll provide compassionate care to sick ohioans , bring money back to our local communities and establish a new industry with limitless economic development opportunities . ; 28 states make exceptions for medical marijuana . 3 on a sophisticated election effort , including a bus tour , internet advertising , television and radio advertising , voter registration drives and door-to-door canvassing .
police video footage of the april 2014 shooting of richard ramirez by billings police officer grant morrison , center in screen , is shown to a seven-person jury in billings , mont . “i don ’ t know what ’ s going on , ” he says as he tries to reassures the officers comforting him . ... 6 , 2015 .... flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period . eventually , he noticeably pulls himself together and leaves the view of the dashcam to return home . i wanted to see my son grow up .
they were also charged , along story_separator_special_tag the dutch government said thursday that it blocked a cyberattack by russian intelligence agents in april targeting the global chemical weapons watchdog agency . an image released on oct. what is russia accused of ? all 298 people on board were killed . russia earlier dismissed the allegations as " western spy mania " . four russian intelligence officers , believed to have been part of a gru “cleanup ” unit for earlier failed operations , travelled to the hague on diplomatic passports in april after unsuccessfully launching a remote attack .
the 36-year-old actress has been a household name in china for years and tasted hollywood success with a role in the 2014 blockbuster " x-men : days of future past " . 1. fan bingbing , actress , 300 million yuan 2. lu han , actor and singer , 210 million yuan 3. many speculated that she was being held by the chinese government over allegations of tax evasion . advertisement advertisement fan had a score of zero . in the report by beijing normal university published earlier this month , 100 chinese stars including popular actor jackie chan and award-winning actress zhang ziyi were ranked according to their professional work , charity work and personal integrity .
advertisement scalise ’ s office in a statement said that scalise didn ’ t know about the group ’ s white-supremacist leanings and that its message is a “stark contradiction to what mr. 3-ranking house republican , in the wake of a firestorm of criticism surrounding his 2002 speech to a white supremacist group . “in every case , he was building support for his policies , not the other way around . must watch congressman : cdc has to do a better job 03 : 43 just watched jones and scalise debate obama story_separator_special_tag house majority whip steve scalise ( r-la.
" danny said . the massachusetts driver , whom cnn is identifying only as danny because of privacy and safety concerns , gave his account of the april 18 incident and described the very different behavior of tsarnaev and his younger brother , dzhokhar . this 26-year-old chinese entrepreneur , who calls himself " danny , " had just pulled over in his new mercedes on a boston street to send a text message when a man jumped in . must watch widow : give the body to his family 01 : 10 just watched survivor : rescuers better than tom brady replay more videos ...
here ’ s the key quote , which mentions the corporate jet tax break no less than three times : if we choose to keep those tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires , if we keep the tax break for corporate jet owners , if we choose to keep tax breaks for oil and gas companies that are making hundreds of billions of dollars , then that means we ’ ve got to cut some kids off from getting a college scholarship . it will never sell . so the whole debt-ceiling business is going nowhere . at a white house press conference this morning , the president did a very effective job at putting republicans in a box .
a decision to overturn the olympic life bans of 28 russian athletes " may have a serious impact on the future fight against doping " , says the international olympic committee ( ioc ) . it ' s still unclear if nikitina will be allowed to 1 , 2018 .... “today i have found myself apologising to individual athletes who have had dreams , medals , money and most importantly , faith in sport , stolen from them . uhlaender finished fourth in sochi , one spot behind elena nikitina of russia . cas said that for the 11 athletes whose appeals had been partially upheld , evidence " was sufficient to establish an anti-doping rule violation " had taken place .
story highlights the tweets have since been deleted this isn ' t the first time this has happened with park accounts washington ( cnn ) the badlands national park official account tweeted statistics about climate change on tuesday that could contradict how president donald trump ' s administration may want to present it . learn more read more story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . the tweets were up for a few hours before they were deleted .
the little specimen , dubbed " joe , " was so young that its crest was a mere bump on its head . ( check out this archived news release and audio file to sample the dinosaur ' s sound. but we didn ' story_separator_special_tag the skeleton of " joe " is the smallest , most complete and youngest parasaurolophus ever found . in light of the skull , farke thought it wise to go re-check terris ' " dinosaurs have yearly growth rings in their bone tissue , like trees . together , they picked away at the overlying rock to see what lay beneath .
" this was such a senseless act , " said avina ' s manager darlene cederborg . perla avina son of oakland road-rage victim : ' she was everything to me ’ 1 / 1 back to gallery gallery_thumbs_close &#124; article-gallery-5851073 &#124; article-gallery-5851073 &#124; 0 gallery_overlay_close &#124; article-gallery-5851073 &#124; article-gallery-5851073 &#124; 0 luis lopez gallegos knows he has to stay strong for his four kids . police are calling the homicide a deadly case of road rage . a bullet smashed through the front windshield of the black 1998 toyota camry and struck avina in the head in the passenger seat , police officials said .
from 2011 to the start of this study in may 2015 , facebook messenger collected and shared user geo-locations as the default setting for every message sent from the android mobile app . before it was disabled , the extension was downloaded more than 85,000 times , khanna said . the app also showed the locations , which were accurate to within three feet , in a group chat with people he barely knew . marauder ’ s map began to go viral . facebook , never one to miss a trend , quickly caught on . i announced the tool in a blog post and publicized it on twitter and a few other online forums .
in a separate test , vacharkulksemsuk found that both the male and female “expansive ” photos were considered more dominant than the “closed ” photos . like with almost every study , there are reasons to be skeptical . results from two field studies — a speed-dating event and a controlled experiment using a global positioning system-based dating application — suggested that ( i ) expansive ( vs. so should you rush to change your tinder picture to something a little less pouty and a little more backstreet boys cira millennium ? these findings indicate that in modern-day dating contexts , in which initial attraction often is determined by a rapid decision following a brief interaction or seeing a photograph , displays of expansive posture increase one ’ s chances of initial romantic success .
” except that “independently , ” in caldwell ’ s national training mission-afghanistan command , means something different than “independently ” does in the states . and not a single afghan army battalion can operate without assistance from u.s. or allied units . but this time they were arrested and accused of bringing food to insurgent fighters hiding outside the city . the afghan government has failed to hold these forces to account , fostering future abuses and generating support for the taliban and other opposition forces , human rights watch found . gen. expand afghan local police , gizab village of uruzgan province , afghanistan , april 2011 .
it ’ s a different definition of leadership than america is known for , and it comes from two unspoken beliefs : that the relative power of the u.s. is declining , as rivals like china rise , and that the u.s. is reviled in many parts of the world . anonymous obama adviser speaking on background to ryan lizza . ) obama had always read widely , and now he was determined to get a deeper education . or ms. ” amazing . nonetheless , obama may be moving toward something resembling a doctrine . barack obama came to washington just six years ago , having spent his professional life as a part-time lawyer , part-time law professor , and part-time state legislator in illinois .
pundits predicted that bush was almost as inevitable a nominee as hillary clinton was . just watched jeb bush suspends campaign : what went wrong ? no wonder he dropped story_separator_special_tag if there is any justice in the universe ( i know , but let ’ s go with it ) , jeb bush ’ s announcement saturday night that he was ending his campaign for the republican nomination marks the permanent end of the bush family ’ s presence in our national politics . replay more videos ... and both have squared off against populist insurgents . then reality intervened .
“i tell them , ‘oh , but it ’ s beavers ; it smells really good. ” apparently “gross ” is not something the fda quantifies . while most anal secretions stink — due to odor-producing bacteria in the gut — this chemical compound is a product of the beaver ’ s unique diet of leaves and bark , crawford added . the u.s. food and drug administration lists castoreum as a “generally regarded as safe ” additive , and manufacturers have been using it extensively in perfumes and foods for at least 80 years , according to a 2007 study in the international journal of toxicology .
brumby . brumby was also at the gun range with his 24-year-old son and 12-year-old daughter at the time of the incident . brumby , according to a report from the sarasota county sherriff ' s office . william brumby was positioned in the last shooting lane where there was a solid wall on his right-hand side . he loved fishing , tennis music , archery , and knife throwing . neither were injured . authorities say stephen j. the dividers between the shooters feature more armor , concealed by wood — a feature buchan chose to increase safety .
its sales forecast is for the tracking week ending nov. on oct. swift has been in full-on promotion mode this week in support of 1989. taylor swift to the haters : ' if you ' re upset that i ' m just being myself , then i ' m going to be myself more ' 1989 will also instantly become 2014 ' s second-biggest selling album after just one week on sale . 2 at midnight . 27. 28 ) . further , “1989 ” would become the fastest-selling album since swift ’ s previous release , “red , ” which sold 1,208,000 copies during its first week in 2012.
an anesthesiologist was sentenced to 10 years in prison tuesday for what a judge called " reprehensible " sexual assaults on 21 sedated women during surgeries – violations that left his victims with lasting emotional damage . “he ’ s a coward , ” she said . george doodnaught , 65 , exploited the extraordinarily high degree of trust the patients placed in him , ontario superior court justice david mccombs said . they are appealing the convictions but not the sentence . dr. in his lengthy judgment released in november following the 76-day trial , mccombs found that doodnaught took advantage of his position in the operating room , concealed behind a sterile screen that separates patients ’ upper and lower bodies .
hubert . st. hubert ’ s fate was in the hubert is considered " armed and dangerous . here ' s a look at daniel st. they pinged it to within a few hundred feet , recognized him from a photo and then collared him just after 8 p.m. in the vicinity of 145th st. " she cried out to the jubilant crowd . and 133rd ave in south ozone park . chief boyce described st. cops used st. p.j . ( tina moore/new york daily news ) “thank you , nypd , thank you !
bp has agreed at the request of the obama administration to show video of the " top kill " designed to choke off the oil spill in the gulf of mexico . development driller 2 rov 1 please note that these live streams may freeze or be unavailable at times . del.icio.us digg this reddit stumbleupon west sirus rov 1 please note that these live streams may freeze or be unavailable at times . ocean intervention iii rov 2 please note that these live streams may freeze or be unavailable at times . boa deep c rov 2 please note that these live streams may freeze or be unavailable at times .
it is her decision , and our surrogate mother said that she wanted to keep the baby boy . a surrogate mother in thailand gave birth to twins for david and wendy farnell . " an online campaign has raised tens of thousands of pounds to help pattharamon chanbua with gammy ' s medical expenses . gammy , a baby born with down ' s syndrome , is held by his surrogate mother pattaramon janbua at a hospital in chonburi province august 3 , 2014. media requires javascript to play . they sent us the reports but they didn ' t do the checks early enough .
" it bezos said he doesn ' t consider those companies blue origin competitors . the rockets have toppled over while attempting to land on a platform in the ocean . " we want to see millions of people living and story_separator_special_tag jeff bezos ' rocket ship achieved a breakthrough monday by traveling 329,839 feet into outer space and then landing upright upon its return to earth . blue origin and spacex are two of the main players in the new business of private space launches . not anymore , " bezos wrote in a blog post announcing the rocket test tuesday .
” and handed it to my prim co-worker . santa cruz , the store was called zanotto ’ s , the item was neosporin . even a box of chalk slipped into my pocket reassured after i dropped out of college and moved to portland , oregon , it became part of my livelihood . as we waited for the police to come , i had to watch a janitor clean up my pee with a mop . but you would be wrong ! i ’ d never been fired before . because what is money , anyway ? oof.
“and it ’ s a sad commentary on our political system , but it ’ s a reality. the nonpartisan colorado legislative council projects that the measure will generate nearly $ 70 million in additional state tax revenue next year . moffat county , located in the northwest corner of the state , would become a panhandle for neighboring wyoming . here are highlights from a few : colorado : secession voters in 11 counties in northern colorado are being asked if they want to secede from the state . there were 30 other measures on the ballot in six states tuesday , all of which were too early to call for cnn .
photos : snooki ' s pregnancy “it ’ s not that hard to plan a wedding , ” polizzi told us of her black and gold-colored fete . i just enjoy the moment and i try to be positive about everything. jionni lavalle ! &amp; mrs. ( an hour before the ceremony , she showed off her gown on her official website. photos : the 20 shortest stars in hollywood the bride wore two dresses , a traditional lace gown for the ceremony and a blinged out party dress by ines disanto for the reception .
on sunday trump tweeted that " many " harley-davidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas . a really bad move ! most other companies are coming in our direction , including harley competitors . in july , harley-davidson said it expects new tariffs to cost the company as much as $ 100 million annually . u.s. will soon have a level playing field , or better . read more milwaukee-based harley-davidson declined to comment . — donald j. trump ' s remark came after the president hosted " bikers for trump " supporters at his golf club in bedminister , new jersey , over the weekend .
vogelsang was a journalism instructor at red river college from 2002 to 2011 after serving as news director and a longtime sports anchor at ctv . he was accused of missing several mortgage payments on a home in winnipeg , and borrowing money . vogelsang , 53 , was charged with two counts of robbery in connection to two bank robberies in medicine hat , alta . west said he was arrested without incident , and is expected to appear in court tomorrow . the documents say that didn ' t happen . she filed for divorce last summer .
the dispute between anna lushchinskaya , a 40-year-old white woman , and the 24-year-old passenger , a woman of asian descent , began after lushchinskaya bumped into the woman early tuesday , the new york police department told cnn . she then lashes out with her umbrella and key chain . did you just hear that ? ” lushchinsky could not be reached for comment friday . she is due back in court january 22. warning : video contains strong language in the video shared by juan ayala on his twitter account platanoman , lushchinskaya is seen screaming “f**k off ” several times before apparently preparing for her attack by putting her sunglasses in her handbag and tying back her hair .
the actress told cnn that north korea ' s then leader , kim jong il , the father of kim jong un , confided that she was his favorite actress , and that ' s why he had brought her to north korea . am undated picture showing choi eun-hee and her husband shin sang-ok. she was 91. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . the duo later escaped . she wrote an autobiographical book called " confessions of choi eun-hee " published in 2007. after over 10 years in exile , they permanently returned home in 1999.
former u.s. president jimmy carter received medical attention for dehydration while in winnipeg on thursday , where he is helping build a habitat for humanity home . shortly afterwards , firefighters and paramedics were seen scrambling , and an ambulance arrived . " as a precaution , he was transported to st. " president carter has been working hard all week . mrs. boniface hospital in winnipeg . " i just wanted to say how pleased we are to be here , " rosalynn carter said to the over 500 volunteers gathered under the site ' s kitchen tent to greet them .
his friends reported him missing when he did not return , the cowlitz county sheriff ' s office said . a hospital spokesman said earlier that matheny was in satisfactory condition , which means his vital signs were good and that he was awake and alert . matthew matheny , 40 , of warren , ohio , set off for a hike on the famous southwest washington mountain last thursday . searchers on tuesday decided to focus on a 1-square-mile ( 2.6-square-kilometer ) area based on cellphone signals and a computer model that sought to predict matheny ' s movements .
indeed , story_separator_special_tag mitt romney told members of the nation ’ s oldest civil rights organization on wednesday that he would be a better president for the nation ’ s black families than president obama has been . in his roughly 25-minute speech at the n.a.a.c.p. passed a resolution in may supporting marriage equality . romney grinned nervously and deviated slightly from his prepared remarks , as he tried to explain his position . “i believe that if you understood who i truly am in my heart , and if ( ap ... mr. romney said .
the study comes from work conducted on darwin ' s finches , which live on the galapagos islands in the pacific ocean . its discoverers have nicknamed it big bird . we do not capture any email address . ( © p. fortis and g. professors rosemary and peter grant noticed that this male proceeded to mate with a female of one of the local species , a medium ground finch , producing fertile young . the grants and their research team followed the new " big bird lineage " for six generations , taking blood samples for use in genetic analysis .
story_separator_special_tag police arrested a woman who they say swallowed a ring to keep police from finding it . the man left the store and entered a white pontiac g6 with a woman at the wheel . police booked schlegel and ford into the utah county jail on investigation of theft . wmc action news 5 shared the story of shanyna isom in a special report in 2012 ; she grows fingernails through wmc action news 5 shared the story of shanyna isom in a special report in 2012 ; she grows fingernails through the hair follicles in her skin .
more recently , winfrey announced that she ' d be moving in front of the story_separator_special_tag it ' s a wrap for harpo studios in chicago . about 200 people are employed by harpo studios in chicago , doing production work for own cable shows such as " super soul sunday , " " oprah ' s master class , " " oprah : where are they now , " " oprah prime " and " iyanla : fix my life . ... chicago-based real estate developer sterling bay cos. in a phone interview from the harpo offices in chicago , winfrey acknowledges a mix of excitement and nostalgia .
we ' re told rocco was fed up with the singer , her lifestyle and her parenting skills . the teen spent the summer on his mom ’ s rebel heart tour before running away this month to his director dad ’ s london home . as one source put it , " there were horrible , full-blown fights with screaming and crying . ” photos : custody war ! something that doesn ' t sit well with rocco and for that matter most 15 year olds . she went to court in new york wednesday to get a judge ’ s order forcing him to fly back to new york for the holidays , and now , only radaronline.com has all the inside details about their explosive family feud .
thank you . namibia ’ s health system is increasingly self-sufficient . it happened at a gathering with african leaders when trump made the unfortunate mispronunciation in this line : “in guinea and nigeria , you fought a horrifying ebola outbreak . but there ' s one little problem -- there ' s no such country . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . zambia ? africa has tremendous business potential . i congratulate you . lotte new york palace hotel new york , new york 1 : 31 p.m. edt president trump : thank you very much , general .
" it ' s not just a beauty contest , it ' s ' beauty with a purpose ' . " as they try to steer clear of focusing on the physical appeal of their contestants , miss world plans to feature a beachwear round in competitions , as opposed to bikinis . 12 . alastair grant/ap miss south africa rolene strauss ( c ) celebrates after being crowned miss world 2014 on sunday . leonard burt/getty images the contestants in the 1967 miss world contest wore one-pieces . " pageantry is an age old industry and i think with julia getting rid of swimsuit and making it story_separator_special_tag in 1951 , 26 women dressed themselves in bikinis and floated down the river thames on a bargeat least one was wearing a suit made entirely of spotted mink .
“he was very close with his oldest son , ” santos said of carlos . a projected total of 1,300 people are believed to have succumbed to drugs in 2016 , officials have said . ” “that building was always fine until recently , ” another resident lamented . additional reporting by emily saul story_separator_special_tag a selective collection of websites archived by the national library of medicine on the current opioid epidemic in the united states , declared a public health emergency in october 2017. but it was too late , and both men died at lutheran medical , authorities said .
“one of the big knocks on me was that over the years i ’ ve gotten along with democrats and i ’ ve gotten along with republicans , and i said that ’ s a good thing , ” trump said . it ' s all broken up . look at iraq . they have no control . right now , iraq is a training ground for terrorists . the gop front-runner painted himself as a “great unifier. story highlights donald trump believes the world would be better off if dictators like saddam hussein and moammar gadhafi were still in power both gadhafi and hussein committed atrocities against their own people ( cnn ) donald trump believes the world would be much better off if ruthless dictators like saddam hussein and moammar gadhafi were still in power .
bobdylan.com has quietly scrubbed the one mention of him as the " winner of the nobel prize in literature " in " the lyrics " section of the site following his surprise win last week . he is known for taking his time to recognize awards . contributing : jane onyanga-omara http://usat.ly/2ezteip story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . now , it ' s not there . 13 . 10. video provided by newsy newslook bob dylan was awarded the nobel prize for literature on oct. skip in skip x embed x share the nobel committee is giving up trying to contact bob dylan about his recent nobel prize win .
in 2010 , it ’ s conan o ’ brien ? he quit . i agree with that . o ’ brien struggled to command the young viewers he needed to counter a falloff in overall audience numbers . in 1978 , that somebody was norma rae . he should have packed up his funny headlines and gone home . he walked away from “the tonight show ” because he rightly or wrongly felt that moving the show half an hour later would destroy the show ’ s integrity . stars sally field as a beleaguered factory worker who risks her job and everything she ’ s worked for in order to correct injustices in the workplace .
" a spokeswoman for alibaba , china ' s biggest e-commerce company , confirmed ma ' s comments to cnn . " this promise was on the basis of friendly china-us cooperation and reasonable bilateral trade relations , but the current situation has already destroyed that basis , " ma said . the executive chairman of alibaba group holding ltd. alibaba held a big conference in detroit last year to encourage american small businesses and farmers to sell their products to chinese consumers through its platforms . in ... -- yong xiong and sherisse pham contributed to this report .
" it ' s the disney movie as powerful hallucinogen . what if you added them , and at the exact moment that you added them , in another universe an alternate version of you was adding the exact same titles ? prepare to have your mind blown . and almost all of it is staggeringly beautiful . the films within the film are hypothetical visions occurring in the mind ' s eye of the listener . in honor of nicolas roeg ' s 1976 sci-fi headscratcher " the man who fell to earth " being rereleased in new york , and the continuing national rollout of terrence malick ' s time-fracturing memory piece " the tree of life , " salon presents its list -- all right , fine , my personal list -- of great trippy movies .
seoul , south korea — a south korean cargo vessel is missing after losing contact in the south atlantic about 1,500 miles offshore , south korea ’ s foreign ministry said sunday . another raft and two powered lifeboats that can carry up to 30 people each were also discovered , but no one was on board . ( end ) seoul ' s embassy in brazil had asked for assistance to find the missing crew with the brazilian air force dispatching a c-130 plane to the site . on friday a crew member sent a text message saying the 148,000-tonne ship was taking in water on the port side , yonhap said .
later , cohen says that if spencer is ever in immediate danger of being kidnapped , spencer should use “the n-word , ” which he calls america ’ s “one forbidden word , ” to draw attention to himself . : follow : https://twitter.com/showhoisamerica like : https://www.facebook.com/showtimeonwa ... , including former alabama gubernatorial candidate roy moore and former vice-presidential candidate sarah palin . sign up for hype daily — mic ’ s morning entertainment roundup . all episodes available now , only on showtime . means you ’ ve already been duped by a guy in a costume .
“it ’ s a similar situation in a lot of categories , i would say , where i think there story_separator_special_tag update : campbell ' s is rethinking its chicken soup recipe campbell soup is changing the recipe of one of its chicken soups , but says it isn ' t quite ready to tinker with its classic chicken noodle version . under ms. morrison said in an interview here in her office . photo advertisement continue reading the main story camden , n.j. acquisitions have also given campbell toeholds in new markets and brought new ideas to the organization .
and that , according to david meade , is in six days — sept. meade says he ' s not actually predicting that the world will end immediately on saturday . added to it is the precise date of the astronomical event leading to earth ’ s destruction . source : washington post meade believes these stars and planets are the " crown of twelve stars " in the prophecy . “jesus lived for 33 years . no. ” but the claim has been getting renewed attention recently . 23 , 2017 ? unsealed , an evangelical christian publication , foretells the rapture in a viral , four-minute youtube video , complete with special effects and ominous doomsday soundtrack .
, was the youngest of three triplets , born " smaller and lighter than his sisters , " but he was never one to let that stand in his way , his father andy waller said in a letter released this evening . ” related : the mercer county medical examiner ’ s office on oct. “he had no other symptoms whatsoever. the rhode island department of 21 and 22. 25 of enterovirus 68. the virus has been documented in the deaths of four people so far in the u.s. close a blue and gold ribbon wrap around a tree in front of yardville elementary school in ...
it ' s all about robert de niro . “little fockers ’ ’ features an extended ) looks mysteriously , er , youthful these days -- in a story_separator_special_tag is there a statute of limitations for how many good actors can be wasted in a bad movie ? just try to keep the sierra mist from coming up your nose ! little fockers comedy : united states , 2010 u.s. release date : 2010-12-22 running length : 1 : 35 mpaa classification : pg-13 ( profanity , sexual content ) theatrical aspect ratio : 1.85 : 1 cast : robert de niro , ben stiller , owen wilson , dustin hoffman , barbra streisand , blythe danner , teri polo , jessica alba , laura dern director : paul weitz screenplay : john hamburg and larry stuckey cinematography : remi adefarasin music : stephen trask u.s. distributor : universal pictures subtitles : none watching little fockers is a depressing experience .
“one ’ s mind refuses to understand how anything like that could happen today in the center of europe , while one ’ s heart does not believe that such thing is possible at all , ” channel one ’ s anchor philosophized . and they already have , " opposition politician boris nemtsov wrote on his facebook page sunday . over the last few months , any criticism of russian state politics in ukraine has been greeted harshly by pro-kremlin patriotic organizations , which have condemned critics as betrayers of the russian people . the details were horrifying .
during that time , a mother of one of the victims was looking for her daughter , and almario sent her threatening text messages , pontecorvo said . these pimps are ruining these kids ’ lives at an early age . hanford police detectives arrested jelinajane bedrijo almario in may 2016. almario found the girls through friends or acquaintances and social media . almario would post pictures of the girls on different websites for prostitution and then take them to motels to have sex , pontecorvo said . sign up never miss a local story . subscribe now almario was the prime suspect , he said .
if heart failure is diagnosed and treated early , it is possible to improve survival and quality of life . the ottawa researchers , including scientists from the ottawa hospital , the university of ottawa , the university of ottawa heart institute and carleton university and private industry , have worked to understand the signalling pathways , genes and cellular processes associated with ct-1 . ” like homer simpson . " dr. there are around 26 million people living with heart failure worldwide , and numbers are rising . " we found that ct1 causes heart muscles to grow in a more healthy way and it also stimulates blood vessel growth in the heart .
file select files story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . we have determined that these protocols were not followed for the information received by the pal on january 5. fbi director christopher wray said : “we are still investigating the facts . the caller provided information about cruz ’ s gun ownership , desire to kill people , erratic behavior , and disturbing social media posts , as well as the potential of him conducting a school shooting .
” surrey police say that the woman was helped to safety and detained under the mental health act . sat in this for an hour and a half now. they said the remarks on twitter were “totally unacceptable ” and called on the public to be more understanding of people in distress . a 50min journey took so long and you don ’ t know what my urgency was . or get net ready and charge her ? i apologise unreservedly. ridiculous. inspector julie hillman criticised motorists who had mocked the woman . the chief constable of surrey police , lynne owens , became personally involved in a row over the incident .
" greeks and the nation ' s international lenders have watched in growing horror for three days as party leaders feuded over a shrinking list of credible candidates to lead the national unity coalition after papandreou ' s government imploded . yields on italian treasury bills rose to 7.15 % wednesday . future sales will include farmland and other properties . tax cuts will be offered to infrastructure investments , especially in the highway sector . these problems demand decision-making . 1 of 6. italy also plans to sell public real estate and the economy ministry will help set up special-purpose vehicles to buy them , according to the document , which was obtained by dow jones newswires .
" it means he wanted to ensure that that they were killed , " he said . the united states says davis was assigned to the u.s. embassy in islamabad but was working at the u.s. consulate in lahore at the time of the shootings . a judge will hear arguments on february 25. under international agreements , people carrying diplomatic passports are granted diplomatic immunity , the department said . she died several hours after being rushed to a hospital , said ali naqi , the doctor in faisalabad city who treated her . davis ' lawyer filed a petition friday , challenging the court ' s jurisdiction over the case .
what is an estate plan ? these documents normally include a will , advance directive , and your choice of executors that will handle everything from making the hard medical decisions , distribution of any cash left behind to the individuals of your choice , and seeing that any material possessions end up in the hands of the people you have chosen and placed in the will . learn more story_separator_special_tag there is a common misconception that if you are not a millionaire there is no need to undergo estate planning . it the feb. workin 96 hours to get a decent pay check , gettin knifes pulled on you by every mexican you run into !
' " philipps writes in the book . though he was asked to say he was sorry , philipps says that franco was never punished for his alleged behavior . in her anticipated new memoir , this will only hurt a little , out oct. " during a 2016 appearance on watch what happens live , philipps had told host andy cohen about her previous confrontation with franco on the set of freaks and geeks . the dawson ’ s creek alum apparently sobbed to her co-star linda cardellini , who advised her to call her manager . the actor supposedly broke character and got upset .
billy joel marries alexis roderick in surprise wedding at his estate surprise ! the ceremony was presided over by gov . " billy is thrilled to become a dad again , " a source told people in april.the music legend is currently on tour , with his next sold-out stop at boston ' s fenway park on july 16 . they have been together since 2009. ” it ’ s joel ’ s fourth marriage . billy joel and alexis roderick got married on saturday evening.the couple " surprised guests at their annual july 4th party by exchanging vows in front of their family and close friends , " the singer ' s spokeswoman said in a statement to people.the intimate ceremony , which was held at joel ' s sprawling estate on long island , was presided over by new york governor andrew cuomo , 57 , a longtime friend.joel ' s daughter , singer/songwriter alexa ray , 29 , and actor kevin james , 50 , were part of the small group of loved ones at the beautiful nuptials.the singer , 66 , and roderick , 33 – an accomplished equestrian and a former morgan stanley executive – have been together since 2009 and are expecting their first child , a little girl , this summer .
it ’ s a completely selfish act but also one that improves an individual male ’ s reproductive success . story_separator_special_tag a male black widow spider . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . undaunted , the males penetrate right through this exoskeleton to deposit sperm . as the researchers from university of toronto scarborough point out , this tactic is changing the sexual preference of male widow spiders , and it has the potential to change the evolutionary trajectory of this normally cannibalistic species . sponsored [ biology letters ]
while it has been praised for focusing on the performance of minorities , low-income students , english language learners and special education students , it has also led to a number of schools being labeled as " failing . additional waivers are pending in 10 states and the district of columbia . the waivers “should probably make the meh list , ” said joshua starr , superintendent of the montgomery county schools in maryland , which was granted a waiver in may . bush ' s signature accomplishment . mr. the executive action by obama is part of an ongoing effort to act on his own when congress is rebuffing him .
if that reads like drivel , it ' s because it is ( though i suspect it ' s true that no one with any sense approved of this film ) . megalodon was a real shark . others include the words " alien " , " voodoo " and " serial killer " , or feature awkward portmanteaus in the sharknado style , such as " sharkpocalypse " . sharks are too diverse and strange to limit to top 10 lists and slow motion hd . legends of giant sharks persist all over the world . confused ? shark week needs more sharks .
he ' s the lead guitarist in a congressional rock band . mccotter told the news the work was unfinished and was given to a reporter without his permission . then the republican failed to get on the ballot in michigan so he had to drop his bid for re-election to congress . mayberry it isn ' t , according to the news , which describes mccotter ' s creative endeavor as chock full of " banter about drinking , sex , race , flatulence , puking and women ' s anatomy . and he quotes john lennon in house floor speeches .
mubarak ' s address , told cnn that the president and mr. " in a earlier post on twitter , mr. mubarak said in his speech . the anger welling among protesters placed the country ' s army in a tight position in its quest to keep the nation stable and secure . john bussey and jerry seib have analysis of the situation . the reaction casts a shadow over hopes by the u.s. and other traditional egyptian allies that mr. mubarak too hard to step down , and lawmakers who accuse the white house of not pushing hard enough .
the bird - dubbed " debbie " , after the cyclone - was rescued among broken twigs in queensland on tuesday . queensland fire and emergency services shared photos of the poor shark on twitter , warning people to stay out of the flood waters that are currently swamping the area . [ 7 news australia ] as many as 400 schools will remain closed tomorrow . advertisement but nobody seems to want to call this what it is : a real life sharknado . don ’ t question science . the cockatoo had probably suffered injuries during the cyclone , a wildlife carer said .
he told fox411 the images of lawrence and upton were just a small part of a much larger exhibit about privacy in today ’ s society . " more on this ... it ' s also worth noting that xvala is choosing to show his " work " in florida rather than his native l.a. “we ’ re not posting them … and we don ’ t see them as photos . e ! what do you think ? watch : four4four : inside the nude hacks rocking hollywood petersburg , fla. it has become cash for cache .
lemansky ' s part , and charging her with animal cruelty under north carolina law was the right thing to do , " cary police captain randall rhyne said in a release on monday . ! ! dharris@tribune.com or 407-420-5471 but some feel people have gone too far . she must appear in wake county court on dec. torrington police said the incident didn ’ t happen in town and that she doesn ’ t live there , and police in south daytona said the woman hasn ’ t lived in town for over one year .
no change d.c. no change fla. this year , the tax will be $ 171 , according to estimates by the state workforce agency . $ 213 48 % hawaii $ 1,070 1089 % idaho $ 816 134 % ill. varies widely varies widely mich. " we want to encourage employers as much as possible to add to their payrolls . related story . unemployment taxes unemployment taxes thirty-six states have increased the annual tax businesses pay to finance unemployment benefits . $ 21 surcharge per employee minn. in many other states the situation is deteriorating fast .
as this story_separator_special_tag d.c. could have the best family leave benefits in the country if the city ' s council adopts a plan that would grant district residents and workers 16 weeks of paid leave . “they ’ re only babies for such a short period of time , ” she says . — of a private business , organization or company based in d.c. employees of the federal government who live in d.c. the proposed measure amounts to a new strategy in executive branch workarounds : using local law to forge a policy bulkhead for bigger changes nationally .
google says that one of its self-driving cars ... that ’ s a big motivator for us . thankfully , everyone in both vehicles was okay , story_separator_special_tag chris urmson , far right , shows off his project ' s self-driving pod to google chairman eric schmidt and u.s. transportation secretary anthony foxx . " this marks the 14th time google ' s fleet has been in an accident since the search company began trolling the streets of its headquarters in 2009. our self-driving cars are being hit surprisingly often by other drivers who are distracted and not paying attention to the road .
gibson was nominated for an oscar for best directing on ... ( associated press ) file - this oct. the nominees for best supporting actor are : mahershala ali ( " moonlight " ) , jeff bridges ( " hell or high water " ) , michael shannon ( " nocturnal animals " ) , lucas hedges ( " manchester by the sea " ) and dev patel ( " lion " ) . 26 .... list of nominees for the 89th annual academy awards presented by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences . it will be the first oscars voted on since academy president cheryl boone isaacs ushered in new membership rules
a marine biologist lies next to a dead shark washed up on a beach in aptos , calif. the shark was found with cuts and wounds around it ' s body . ” the california department of fish and wildlife is handling the necropsy . they are still trying to figure out how it got there and why it died . photo : giancarlo thomae photo : neil hammerschlag , associated press baker beach 1959 : treading water , unprovoked fatal baker beach 1959 : treading water , unprovoked fatal photo : susan ragan , ap stinson beach 1998 : boogie boarding , unprovoked non fatal 2002 : surfing , unprovoked non fatal stinson beach 1998 : boogie boarding , unprovoked non fatal 2002 : surfing , unprovoked non fatal photo : liz hafalia , the chronicle window._taboola = window._taboola &#124; &#124; [ ] ; _taboola.push( { mode : ' thumbnails-c ' , container : ' taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : ' interstitial gallery thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : ' mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push( { flush : true } ) ; ano nuevo island san mateo county 1979 : scuba diving , unprovoked non fatal 1991 : surfing , unprovoked non fatal 1992 : kayaking , unprovoked non fatal ano nuevo island san mateo county 1979 : scuba diving , unprovoked non fatal
a study released today by usda ’ s economic research service , characteristics of women farm operators and their farms found that the number of women-operated farms more than doubled between 1982 and 2007. " " [ t ] he bloom is off the " chick lit " rose , " agrees the economist . some want to provide healthy food for the masses . well i have news . ” forty-one-year-old pilar rebar quit her job as a pesticide applicator when she realized she had been told lies about the chemicals she was spraying on crops . big , they ' re falling for the hunky farmer next door .
' aging disgracefully ' born in london in april 1914 , just months before the outbreak of world war i , goodall and his family moved to australia when he was a child . " but my lack of vision would seriously impair it . i eat breakfast . reported . i am content to leave them undone. goodall said wednesday that he hopes to be remembered “as an instrument of freeing the elderly ” so others could choose death with dignity without traveling to switzerland . the botanist ruled out a return to his beloved australian countryside , though he wished to return to the northwestern kimberley region , his favorite area , the australian broadcasting corp.
it ’ s been so many years since debra long has seen or talked to her son that she ’ s not sure she would recognize him . in march , the patriot-news reported that matt had a rocky relationship with his adopted father . shubin also said matt was prepared to testify truthfully at trial , if called by prosecutors . even the circumstances around his move into the sandusky home have their own backstory . he ’ s posed and smiling in front of a draped backdrop in a bow tie , leaning into his high school girlfriend .
she also told the woman that her mother drops her off at the park all the time so she can play while her mother is at work . south carolina ' s child welfare law is actually more specific than most , but still doesn ' t specify the age — " supervision appropriate to the child ' s age and development . story_separator_special_tag 1 ) parents ought to enjoy broad latitude in bringing up their children . copyright 2014 wfxg . there are obviously limits . harrell was arrested for “unlawful conduct towards a child ” and put in jail ; her daughter is now in the custody of the department of social services .
in a paper published this week in the journal science , an international team of researchers described how they used a vast database of fossil and anatomical data , as well as dna evidence , to reverse-engineer an ancestor to the largest group of living mammals . for the last several decades , scientists have debated just when it was that placental mammals began their explosive proliferation . rex . story_separator_special_tag humankind ’ s common ancestor with other mammals may have been a roughly rat-size animal that weighed no more than a half a pound , had a long furry tail and lived on insects .
police interrupted the abduction outside pearson ' s apartment and found heroin in the abducted man ' s car , she said . " the 31-year-old was caught on a wire tap set up as part of a joint federal-state investigation into a multistate drug ring deemed " operation usual suspects . she later updated her followers on twitter , " i ' m free . " pearson , who wore retro-style glasses with a black-and-white checked shirt and a red paisley bow tie to court , said she is working on two movies . she served five years of an eight-year sentence and was released in 2000.
i may have started us off on the wrong foot , but roger redeemed our encounter with his characteristic good nature and genuine delight in engaging with his readers — the very qualities that made him , for so many of us , an ideal companion at the movies . he was 70. do you go to work every day and try to master your job and feel deeply that it matters ? ” mr. roger ebert did . he cranked out the smartest stories for the sun-times , always delivered in deceptively simple midwestern prose . personally , i wish i ’ d behaved better .
beginning in the 1990s , piven and other researchers noticed that children with autism tended to have larger brains than developmentally normal children , suggesting that brain growth could be a biomarker for asd . why has it been so tough to diagnose autism in infants ? , of the university of north carolina-chapel hill , told cbs news . writing in the journal nature , the scientists describe from the scans , researchers were able to correctly predict 80 percent of those infants who would later meet criteria for autism at 2 years of age . as part story_separator_special_tag experimental research may lead to a new method to diagnose infants with autism before symptoms show .
david tepper ' s gain is new jersey ' s loss . he listed a condominium in florida as his new residential address and moved his business , appaloosa management , to the sunshine state . yet it could also save him hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes that would have gone to new jersey . ( +video ) peggy whitson logs more space hours than any other us astronaut : a history of women and nasa new jersey gov . democratic legislators on jan. 16. mr. , feb. while inflation-adjusted wages did grow in 2015 , not every segment of the population felt the benefits .
in a “60 minutes ” interview that aired sunday , trump said he would prioritize deporting or incarcerating the immigrants who are both in the country illegally and who are “gang members , drug dealers ” or have other criminal convictions . they ’ ve pledged allegiance to the flag. crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . bruce rauner to pressure trump to back off his vow to interfere with funding . story continued below on monday , chicago ' s elected officials , including mayor rahm emanuel , are expected to hold a news conference to formally discuss how the city will retain its sanctuary status .
" he means everything to me , " he said . a self-made millionaire who built his fortune in real estate , buss bought the lakers in 1979. " you think about the rivalry that took place between the lakers and the celtics and what that did for the global outreach of the game . i haven ' t gotten an update . " nba news : jordan trying to get into playing shape some former players have been giving high praise to buss for his accomplishments as owner . by the mid-1950s , the couple had moved a depression-era baby , jerry hatten buss was born jan.
cnn ' s unconscionable coverage of the steubenville rape case verdict is pissing everyone off . mainstream media , of course , reflects society — so in this story_separator_special_tag the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public . isn ' t it a shame how they suffer ? unexpectedly , one of them came from cnn .
it is obvious to viewers of kinski ' s most important films that this madness is not acted , but a state that he could easily cross into . and both were part of his schizophrenic personality . as a 13-year-old , herzog shared an apartment with kinski for three months , when the young actor " from the very first moment terrorized everyone " with his fits of rage , herzog said . and why are we simultaneously so repelled ? just i am deeply shocked . or a genius . klaus kinski , after all , only ever played himself .
for example , the protective mechanism may be activated to rotate the device so that it may impact a surface on its edge , rather than on a screen portion . headphone plug clamp system . source : uspto illustration of mass motor drive with attached mass . position and speed of falling could be measured using simple gyroscopes , accelerometers or position sensors , although the patent also mentions more sophisticated equipment such as gps and imaging sensors . lift members can be extended from the device chassis to provide aerodynamic lift during freefall . the idea sounds like an early april fool - or maybe something that only a cat can do – but it in fact comes from plans filed by apple to the us patent office .
breaking news : looking forward to this conversation with @lancearmstrong : http://t.co/gwsmbhdw #nextchapter — oprah winfrey ( @oprah ) 9 jan 13 as the cycling journalist lionel birnie notes , the oprah winfrey network is a joint venture with discovery communications , the broadcaster that sponsored armstrong ’ s team in 2005. such an admission might lead toward armstrong regaining his eligibility . since the ban he has entered two non-sanctioned events . replay more videos ... somehow fitting . the new york times reported last week that armstrong , 41 , was contemplating publicly admitting he used illegal performance-enhancing drugs .
" my top priority in any trade negotiation is expanding opportunity for hardworking americans , " obama said in a statement thursday . hatch , chairman of the senate finance committee , said he would hold a markup and vote on the bill april 23. at the same time , at a moment when 95 percent of our potential customers live outside our borders , we must make sure that we , and not countries like china , are writing the rules for the global economy . paul ryan ( r-wis. orrin g. charles e. richard j.
ralph lauren , meanwhile , scrambled ahead of this year ’ s winter olympics in sochi to make sure that team usa ’ s uniforms were all manufactured in the united states . but fireworks ? " getting new dyes and new ways to burn the formulations with different fuels is a challenge , " wejsa said . pinks are decent . no change there . " ' greener ' fireworks from the army for example , picatinny has been working on more environmentally friendly ingredients for the pyrotechnics that produce colored signals as a means of non-verbal communication on the battlefield .
a friend of jurkiewicz ' s , ilyssa silfen , publicly commented on the restaurant ' s facebook page about the dessert . " " we humbly apologize if we have offended anyone and we appreciate the community around us and its awareness toward the cause . prior to its removal from the menu , several patrons voiced their disapproval to restaurant employees . " but now the restaurant has changed its attitude amid a string of more complaints . roofie colada = not funny , ” user lauren marie posted . seen at the phunky elephant on staten island .
the american homebrewers association ( aha ) organizes events including homebrew con and the national homebrew competition . founders brewing co. stone brewing ( 31 beers ) 2. ( 18 beers ) the complete list of zymurgy ’ s best beers in america is available at homebrewersassociation.org . the ba complies with provisions of executive order 11246 and the rules , regulations , and relevant orders of the secretary of labor . ### three floyds zombie dust 5. ballast point sculpin ipa top-ranked breweries : 1. firestone walker brewing company , paso robles , calif.
wang is charged with shooting and killing yale doctor vajindor toor outside toor ’ s home in branford . state justices relied on the testimony of a state psychiatrist , who said the chances of success in restoring wang to competency with recommended medications was in a percentage range from the mid-50s to 70. wang has pleaded not guilty , and he has insisted he is competent and doesn ' t need medication . o ' keefe ' s decision was put on hold pending the supreme court appeal . the supreme court disagreed and defined " substantially likely " as " more likely than not , or a greater than 50 percent probability .
the european union is a peace project . norway , where the nobel prize was born , is not even in the eu and has twice rejected appeals to join . its greatest achievement , however , certainly remains uniting germany and its former enemies . dashiell bennett all 27 nations and 500 million citizens . critics often accuse the european union of being too bureaucratic , too undemocratic and a faceless beast . but crisis has been a constant companion for europeans , and so far the eu has come out of each crisis stronger than before . want to add to this story ?
” pompeo said he was seeking to “fill in ” some details on north korea ’ s commitments and maintain the momentum towards story_separator_special_tag when mike pompeo meets kim jong-un in pyongyang , he will reportedly attempt to smooth a path towards denuclearisation with a gift that playfully references a low point in relations between the north korean leader and donald trump : a cd of elton john ’ s rocket man . our world is truly beyond parody . 30 , 2018. , u.s. , on tuesday , jan. kim would call mr. there ’ s much hard work ahead but peace is worth the effort.
if you would like access to this set of crawl data , please contact us at info at archive dot org and let us know who you are and what you ’ re hoping to do with it . sign in help forgot your username or password ? the scope of the crawl was not limited except for a few manually excluded sites . this uses the new hq software for distributed crawling by kenji nagahashi . no problem . for example , in many cases we may not have crawled all of the embedded and linked objects in a page since the urls for these resources were added into queues that quickly grew bigger than the intended size of the crawl ( and therefore we never got to them ) .
they made their conclusions after finding that , when people lie about their feelings , the brain ' s insular cortex is altered . but it does make it hotter . and if you ’ re worried that your fib will be uncovered , they also suggest a way of cooling the nose down – making ‘a great mental effort ’ . they claimed that thermal imaging can detect sexual desire and arousal in both men and women , evident by an increase in temperature in the chest and genital areas . this is the thermal footprint for flamenco , although each type of dance has its own .
“for a place that ’ s the funniest city in the country , chicago doesn ’ t seem to boast a lot of jokes , ” the study states . they also considered how frequently residents visit comedy websites . portlanders are just plain weird. they then surveyed more than 900 people living in the top 10 cities as determined by the algorithm . , finds humor in the absurdities of political systems . indianapolis , detroit and milwaukee were 25th , 34th and 39th respectively . ” sstclair@tribune.com twitter @stacystclair story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
" photos : explosion in manhattan new york mayor bill de blasio , right , and new york gov . an explosion injured 29 people there the night before . a law enforcement official tells the associated press that the second device discovered a few blocks from the scene appeared to be a pressure cooker attached to wiring and a cellphone . most of the injuries were minor . authorities cordoned off the street where the explosion occurred , south of midtown in western manhattan . the blast is under investigation . an explosion rocked the block of west 23rd street between sixth and seventh avenues at about 8 : 30 p.m. saturday .
updates with nfl ’ s reaction below , then president obama ’ s : “we appreciate senator sweeney ’ s interest , but officiating controversies have always been a part of sport , ” said nfl spokesman brian mccarthy . the call didn ' t just have an immediate impact on gamblers , it also impacted the packers ' super bowl odds . $ 150 million in total bets worldwide . jennings , green bay -- 3½ point favorites -- would have won by five , covering the spread . “our staff , including commissioner [ roger ] goodell , has been in negotiations with the referees union for the past week .
this past fall , though he infrequently grants interviews , he decided it was time to tell his side of the story — to respond to the array of accusations , to reveal exactly what he has been doing in the shadows and state department officials — prince became a mr. attorney . story_separator_special_tag iput myself and my company at the c.i.a. fix-it in the war on terror . but the truth about prince may be orders of magnitude stranger than fiction . and chairman . asset : in a word , as a spy . ” prince — the founder of blackwater , the world ’ s most notorious private military contractor — is royally steamed .
the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine this crawl was run at a level 1 ( urls including their embeds , plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds ) the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public . story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
he showed me the scars on his forearms from another time he escaped , ” harris said monday during an interview outside his family ’ s southtowns residence , where he cares for his disabled mother . correction officers briefed on the story_separator_special_tag the only son of convicted murderer and prison escapee richard w. employees at state prisons are not required to pass through metal detectors when they enter the facilities , although bags and purses are supposed to be searched . “a report was called in by a citizen of two suspicious men walking down a very rural road in the southern part of our town in the middle of a driving rainstorm , ” shaun gillilland , the town supervisor in ...
the tighter margins in the polls , which reflect a loss of support for clinton along with a modest improvement for trump , have come gradually over the past few weeks . and aides are confused about who ’ s calling the shots . there isn ’ t any guarantee that trump will continue to gain ground . the race between hillary clinton and donald trump has tightened . but this is potentially mistaken . sign up here . on aug. he left ready to finalize a series of decisions . want these election updates emailed to you right when they ’ re published ?
joining the court ' s longest-serving justice in washington d.c. that ’ s just not the case. garner , scalia ' s co-author of the new book , " reading law : the interpretation of legal texts . … nothing like that , ” the justice replied . chief justice john roberts was the deciding vote in that decision , agreeing with story_separator_special_tag coming up this evening at 9 p.m. “the justice is not going to comment on , " piers morgan tonight " welcomes supreme court justice antonin scalia for a rare and candid sit-down interview .
in addition , more than 1,000 of groupon ' s salespeople are covered by an august class action also seeking overtime pay . according to the plaintiffs ’ lawyer , doug werman , deal vetters were responsible for reviewing the terms of the transactions between groupon and the merchants with which it partners . and , no , they won ' t give you a discount . it ' s almost as though groupon is some sort of hive of misery and deceit ! in court proceedings today , a judge said that the parties could begin discovery , a procedure that will allow both sides to collect evidence to argue whether or not the class action should go forward .
the environmental protection agency said thursday that fiat chrysler illegally installed software on about 104,000 pickups and sport-utility vehicles that spewed harmful pollutants while failing to disclose the technology . they include 136 billion euros ( $ 144 billion ) of revenue and adjusted net profit of between 4.7 billion euros and 5.5 billion euros . 12 ) ap 2015 grand cherokees are on display at a fiat chrysler dealership in doral , fla. fiat chrysler said it meets all applicable regulatory requirements and will work with president-elect donald trump ’ s administration to contest the allegations . daimler ( ddaif ) agreed to sell chrysler to private equity firm cerberus in 2007.
the department of child safety was notified by someone in limpert ' s home that her almost-two-year-old daughter had ingested thc butter while eating macaroni and cheese with her father . " during that time , neither parent took the child to immediate emergency care , " according to the police report . thc is a chemical in cannabis that gets you high . they also found mushrooms , bongs and pipes , containers of hash oil and other drug paraphernalia . copyright 2018 kpho/ktvk ( kpho broadcasting corporation ) . all rights reserved . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
police say the man demanded money and shot gold when he said he didn ' t have any . a misfire apparently foiled an attempt to shoot him in the head . gold continues to improve , but remains in guarded condition at the hospital . the scene caught the attention of peter gold who was driving by . tulane university and crimestoppers are offering up to $ 12,500 for information leading to arrest and indictment . cain ' s suv was found sunday morning in the 2200 block of john raphael place , police chief michael harrison said .
a veteran boston police officer used racial slurs against an uber driver — and a good samaritan who came to the driver ’ s defense — during a vicious overnight attack in south boston yesterday , authorities said , while the officer ’ s lawyer argued today in south boston district court the cop was the real “victim. sign up thank you for signing up ! ” . he has a torn bicep tendon. advertisement he could not be reached for comment , and his union president did not return a call late sunday . doherty walked away when police arrived but was later arrested .
story_separator_special_tag jackson odell , who was best known for his role as ari caldwell in abc ’ s “the goldbergs , ” has died . he was 20. odell sang several covers and original songs , which he posted to his youtube channel , including one of “dreaming with a broken heart ” by john mayer , which has over 16,000 views . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . no foul play is suspected .
as for why artificial sweeteners seem to be linked to weight gain , not weight loss , azad says no one knows for sure but there are lots of theories . meghan azad and a team of researchers of the university of manitoba conducted a meta-review of 37 previously published studies that looked at the diet habits of more than 400,000 people . the full results appear in the canadian medical association journal ( cmaj ) . dr. health sciences prof. the experiment is meant to investigate the hypothesis that artificial sweeteners shift the gut flora in a way that predisposes us to obesity .
for the live mixing it is just usage of tempo slide on the dj controller — limited only by manual skills of a dj. basically , he turned tunes that were designed to put people in a druggy trance into a method of sending secret messages across an entire open-air beach rave , without most people noticing what they ’ re really listening to . that could be why polish cybersecurity researcher krzysztof szczypiorski saw club music as the perfect genre to serve as a vehicle for morse code-like messages , hidden in nearly imperceptible changes in tempo .
it emerged on saturday that a pret customer had died in 2017 after eating a “super-veg rainbow flatbread ” that was supposed to be dairy-free . the company would continue to help to find the true cause of the death , she said . ” the pair have been campaigning for allergy awareness and a change in food-labelling laws . following the news of another death , natasha ’ s parents , nadim and tanya ednan-laperouse , said : “we were incredibly saddened to learn of someone else losing their life from allergens in their food . coyo denied on sunday that the product recall was related to the death .
the senate narrowly passed a massive tax overhaul early saturday morning , putting republicans on the cusp of revamping the u.s. tax system for the first time in more than three decades . house and senate republicans still have to story_separator_special_tag senate majority leader mitch mcconnell , r-ky. that gave leadership the breathing room to reject conflicting demands by corker and others to rein in the cost of the plan . ( ap photo/j .... it was adopted on a 51-50 vote after vice president mike pence broke a tie . " big bills are rarely popular . story continued below sen.
" everything was off the shelves , " he said . twitter tends to bring out the most exciting/fanatical in people during emergencies , and it ' s great fun to watch , and it ' ll be even better one they ' re all high again . " centered about 13 miles deep , the quake was felt as far north as central oregon , as far south as santa cruz and as far east as reno , the u.s. geological survey said . mike hagedorn , bakery manager at winco , said the store was a mess .
, police department shows a mountain lion next to a couch inside a home . boulder , colo. it appeared that it had pushed through a screen and couldn ’ t get back out . boulder police say the homeowner came back to the house late thursday night and found the mountain lion inside . ( cbs4 ) – a boulder woman is mourning the loss of her family ’ s cat after a mountain lion broke into her home and killed the cat named klondike . ” animal control officers decided to haze the mountain lion . “there was a mountain lion standing in our living room , it looked right at him and licked its lips and he took off , ” said kayla slaughter .
a new study from the center for american progress ( cap ) found that 20 universities received one-fifth , or $ 6.5 billion , of the total amount of loans the government gave graduate students in the 2013-2014 academic year . under rutgers ' system , tuition and fees vary by campus and school . [ it ’ s about to get cheaper to borrow for college ] still , at two foreign medical schools , st. “a lot of my friends ’ parents who live in new jersey ava lorenzo , an out-of-state graduate student at rutgers ’ campus in new brunswick , n.j.
the yield on 10-year treasury bonds have dropped from more than 2 % to start the year to 1.8 % now . while up slightly recently , persistently low inflation has also muted growth expectations , and the economy as a whole barely budged in the first three months of 2016. story_separator_special_tag enlarge photo : bloomberg news it ’ s jobs friday . not only are private sector jobs consistently growing , but consumers are becoming more confident . ” there will be another jobs report before the next fed meeting in june . nonfarm payrolls rose by a seasonally adjusted 160,000 in april , the labor department said .
a pakistan army soldier stands guards while rescue workers examine the site of an oil tanker explosion at a highway near bahawalpur , pakistan , sunday , june 25 , 2017. " the fire moved so fast , " he said . dozens of people are being treated in hospitals ; several people were airlifted by helicopter . they said the tanker was carrying about 6,600 gallons of oil . dr. it took firefighters more than two hours to put out the fire , reuters reports . they told the app that police tried to prevent people from collecting oil , warning of the fire hazard , but the crowds ignored the warnings .
united didn ’ t apologize for that incident , instead pointing concerned customers to an arcane clause in its contact of carriage . here ’ s a look at what overbooking is — and why airlines do it . if you go for this option , negotiate the terms and make sure the airline tells you if there are any blackout dates to use the voucher . that will likely mean not the sweetest of ” united ceo oscar munoz then made things worse with a statement of orwellian doublespeak . easy : stop giving united your money . yes .
“targeted fee increases at some of our most-visited parks will help ensure that they are protected and preserved in perpetuity and that visitors enjoy a world-class experience that mirrors the amazing destinations they are visiting . the proposal would affect the following 17 national parks during the 2018 peak season : arches bryce canyon canyonlands denali glacier grand canyon grand teton olympic sequoia &amp; kings canyon yellowstone yosemite zion acadia mount rainier rocky mountain shenandoah joshua tree peak pricing would affect each park ' s busiest five months for visitors . ” the increased fees would bring in $ 70 million in new national park revenue , a 34 percent increase over 2016 , the release stated .
" she heard him talking to a septa engineer who reported to a train dispatcher that he had either been hit by a rock or shot at , " sumwalt said , " and that the septa engineer said he had a broken windshield and put the train into an emergency stop . on may 13 , 2015 . " bostian was interviewed friday afternoon for the first time since the derailment of amtrak northeast regional train 188. in the agency ' s final briefing in philadelphia on tuesday night ' s horrific accident , sumwalt said the fbi now was involved in the investigation of the crash that killed eight people and injured 200.
" it was dark and i was shivering and the wind was blowing so i just crawled to a bush and dug in right there . he recalled the man yanking him out of the truck by his ankles . the trip became somewhat of a " joy ride , " he said . the farmington daily times first reported gilmore ' s story . shiprock — looking into the eyes of ricky gilmore , one can tell he has taken many roads but none like the one he dragged himself down last week . 16. " at the hospital , he leaned to his side to show large cuts that he got from pulling himself on the ground .
( associated press ) bangkok ( ap ) — wildlife officials in thailand have begun removing some of the 137 tigers held at a buddhist temple following accusations that the monks were involved in illegal breeding and trafficking of the animals . " when our vet team arrived , there were tigers roaming around everywhere , " noochdumrong said . after a half-day stand off , wildlife officers finally entered and were able to sedate eight tigers . a tourist poses for a photo with a tiger at the thai temple in 2012. they relented after police obtained a court order .
" she lives in new york and he resides in indiana . it was for the best . and we ' re told divorce lawyers have been negotiating a property settlement and custody agreement for months and the divorce is " a done deal . nick played big boy ' s game -- name the 5 celebs you ' ve slept with . she ' s especially angry because it keeps him away from their kids.for nick ' s part ... he says he ' s generated $ 75 million since 2011 for the family . closer weekly first broke news of the split .
her body was half-undressed , according to thomas keiblinger , a vienna police spokesperson . mann graduated in 2012 from the university of colorado-boulder ' s college of music . he said " no specific suspect " was being investigated , adding that police have been speaking to mann ' s neighbors and friends . the u.s. government has identified her as lauren mann . story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . 28 , 2016. she had been living in vienna for several years , working as an au pair while studying . ( associated press ) vienna ( ap ) — austrian police say an autopsy has not revealed the cause of death of a 25-year old woman from colorado whose body was found in her vienna apartment .
“radio digitization will open the door to a far greater range of radio channels , benefiting listeners across the country , ” norway ’ s minister of culture thorhild widvey , said in a press release . it is obviously difficult to argue the necessity to turn off the fm network and replace it with dab . " nobody ' s ever done this before many citizens are against the switch . of particular concern are the 2m cars on norway ’ s roads that are not equipped with digital audio broadcasting ( dab ) receivers , they say .
” the couple abandoned their stall to search for their daughter , but for years their efforts appeared to be in vain . kang , now a mother of two , contacted wang on march 16 in the hopes her at the tearful reunion he hugged her and said : " daddy loves you . the article gained traction and was later picked up by cctv . in 2015 , wang ' s touching story attracted the attention of huaxi metropolitan daily . he put up a large sign appealing for information on his rear window , and also gave out cards with information about qifeng to every passenger he ferried .
focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
engel said administration officials said on the call . white house officials offered few details and no timeline for a possible attack on syria during a 90-minute conference call on thursday evening for members of congress , according to a congressional source who participated in the call . " tonight , i suggested that we should do so while un inspectors complete their work and while we seek text size - + reset senate armed services committee chairman carl levin ( d-mich. sandy winnefeld . assad ' s chemical weapons . rep. mr. , n.y. , mich.
" non-breeding birds are harder to count because they are out foraging at sea , rather than nesting in colonies on land , " she said . ah , well a key element of collecting the data was examining penguin poo . the research also estimated the amount of food needed to support the adélie penguin population . so how did a team of french , japanese and australian scientists suddenly find an extra 3.6 million flipper flappers ? explore further : adelie penguin numbers may expand as glaciers retreat story_separator_special_tag hey , we all make mistakes . this information will now be used by the commission for the conservation of antarctic marine living resources to set sustainable krill fishery catch limits .
venezuela ’ s election board put turnout at just story_separator_special_tag anti-government presidential candidate henri falcon addresses supporters in caracas , venezuela , sunday , may 20 , 2018. “the process undoubtedly lacks legitimacy and as such we do not recognize it , the statement said the countries would call their ambassadors back from caracas for consultations and hold a meeting to coordinate a regional response to outflows of venezuelans “who have been obligated to abandon their country ” . even as voting was taking place sunday , a senior state department official warned that the u.s. might press ahead on threats of imposing crippling oil sanctions on the nation that sits atop the world ' s largest crude reserves .
" but it ' s heavy , " he said . araud said tuesday evening that around story_separator_special_tag the u.s. department of state warns u.s. citizens against all travel to the republic of south sudan and recommends that u.s. citizens currently in south sudan depart immediately . analysts said divisions between them run deep and rivalries in army ranks have long simmmered . al jazeera ' s rawya rageh , reporting from neighbouring nairobi , spoke to south sudan ' s information minister michael makuei lueth who confirmed at least 10 very senior former government officials have been arrested , including six cabinet ministers .
that ’ s no coincidence , story_separator_special_tag a canadian sniper working alongside iraqi forces in their fight against isis successfully struck a member of the militant group from a distance of 3,540 metres , canada ' s military confirmed thursday . it took under 10 seconds to hit the target . not long after , cpl . " the shooter and the spotter know exactly what they ' re doing , " mitic said . " the sniper reportedly fired from an elevated position ; for the shot to be accurate , many factors — from wind and gravity to the earth ' s curvature — would have to be taken into account .
the vail daily reported wednesday that 43-year-old juan jose vidrio bibriesca was standing next to two other defendants at an eagle county district court podium when he took his hat off and a square of folded paper fell out . bibriesca was in judge sullivan ' s company for a bond violation on a separate felony drug charge . staff writer randy wyrick can be reached at 970-748-2935 or rwyrick@vaildaily.com . bibriesca was born in mexico and is reportedly in the country illegally , which means immigration and customs enforcement will also want a word with him .
it goes on to state that the products are put back on the shelves without being labeled as " repackaged " or " previously used . a separate lawsuit with the same claims was filed last month by a california woman . ) — fatinamxo ( @fatinamxo ) january 10 , 2018 devries hopes that her lawsuit changes ulta ' s alleged practice of limiting the number of items that can be thrown away . they would resell everything . additionally , it seeks compensation for all customers who bought used products . ulta beauty , inc. it claims that ulta will return those used products to its shelves to be purchased by other , unsuspecting , customers .
properties of this collection . story_separator_special_tag mel gibson ' s dad allegations of elder abuse mel gibson ' s dad hutton gibson -- allegations of elder abuse exclusive ' s father -- who filed for divorce monday -- believes his wife has been abusing him , and mel has jumped to his dad ' s aid ... for this collection , several things were done : 1. this collection will be complete , as there is a good chance we will share the data , and sharing data with pointers to random other collections , is a complex problem .
" he would follow the cars , and when he would realize that it was not his owner ' s car , he would just stand there and look helpless , " eubanks added . finally , after a plea on social media for help , maranda perez responded with her dog . the investigation into abuharbid ' s death is ongoing , police told abc news . " he hadn ' t seen his owner in two weeks . he ran up three flights of stairs before she was able to get close enough to put a leash on him , she said .
photos : a-list dads over 50 photos : a-list dads over 50 john stamos announced in december that at the age of 54 he will become a dad as his fiancée actress caitlin mchugh is pregnant . “so i called her parents to ask , and it was like , ‘you better ! click here to get those and more in the people babies newsletter . go to people.com/peopletv , or download the app on your favorite streaming device . he has gained recent notoriety for his " saturday night live " impersonations of donald trump , who had his youngest son , barron , at 59.
romney . story_separator_special_tag story highlights gingrich suffers devastating losses in mississippi and alabama gingrich has lost ground among key gop voting blocs santorum has two big wins tuesday , but has a tough climb toovercome romney santorum and gingrich hope to prevent romney from winning a majority of delegates if newt gingrich can ' t win alabama and mississippi , where can he win ? ap photo . mr. biloxi , miss. in south as those remarks suggest , mr. it also buttresses his argument that he could fare even better in his quest for the nomination if gingrich quit the race so he could go head-to-head with frontrunner .
in three of the state ' s 16 congressional districts , including two that are near ohio ' s border with pennsylvania , santorum will lose any delegates he might have won because his campaign failed to meet the state ' s eligibility requirements months ago . " on super tuesday , if sen. but it gets worse : nine more ohio delegates may also be in jeopardy . altogether , this means santorum , who until this week had a fair lead in polls in the republican nominating race , could be ineligible for 18 ohio district delegates .
at that point , " the stars become not only unobservable , but entirely inaccessible , thus limiting how much energy could one day be extracted from them , " hooper wrote in the paper . [ 13 ways to hunt intelligent aliens ] astrophysicist nikolai kardashev proposed in 1962 that very old and advanced civilizations would be of three types : a type i civilization harnesses all the resources of a planet . congratulations ! carl saganestimated that earth rates about 0.7 on the scale . ( this study has yet to be peer-reviewed. in other words , if humans hope to meet aliens in distant galaxies , it ' ll be a race against dark energy , that mysterious force thought to be uncontrollably stretching our universe farther and farther apart .
in fact , nearly eight-in-ten white mainline protestants ( 78 % ) say that humans and other living things have evolved over time . " the gap is coming from the republicans , where fewer are now saying that humans have evolved over time , " said cary funk , a pew senior researcher who conducted the analysis . ” these beliefs differ strongly by religious group . ( the penultimate paragraph of this story has been corrected to say that one-fourth of all surveyed believe a supreme being guided evolution. the margin of error was 3 percentage points , meaning results could vary that much either way .
) muffazal lakdawala , a bariatric surgeon at the center for obesity and digestive surgery in mumbai , will operate on abd el aty . her family had tried many doctors there for medical help but were denied . ms abd el aty ' s family says she hasn ' t been able to leave home for 25 years now and claims she weighs 500kg . https://t.co/d601bkbinx — dr muffi lakdawala ( @drmuffi ) december 6 , 2016 new delhi : despite being confined to a hospital room herself , ailing external affairs minister sushma swaraj intervened to swiftly get a medical visa for an egyptian who ' s likely the heaviest woman in the world .
( associated press ) the pilots made history thursday , first matching and then surpassing the 5,209-mile ( 8,383-kilometer ) official world distance record for human flight in a gas balloon . 26 , 2015 photo provided by the two eagles balloon team , troy bradley of new mexico and leonid tiukhtyaev of russia set off from saga , japan , shortly before 6 : 30 a.m. jst sunday , jan. for duration that meant staying aloft for about 138 hours and 45 minutes to beat the existing record set in 1981. the pilots live in a closet-like space with a very low ceiling .
story_separator_special_tag ancient tomb in spain destroyed and replaced with a picnic table updated at 1 : 45 p.m. et the accidental destruction of an ancient tomb in northwest spain was best summed up by an archaeologist in one perfect , if unintended , pun : " monumental error . but somehow the local town council wasn ' t aware . " all authorities , national , state and local work effectively preserving our heritage . they were apparently unaware that the pyramid was a mayan ruin . he also told the local that mistakes like this are not the norm .
now , to commemorate the suspension of his campaign , television channel comedy central has released a spoof on the classic children ' s book " goodnight moon . " you can follow assistant managing editor clara moskowitz on twitter @claramoskowitz . 25 on florida ' s space coast . ah , screw it . " our storybook farewell to newt gingrich ' s campaign , which we ' ll always remember for its nuanced policy positions and bold vision of ... if elected , he would direct nasa to establish a manned lunar base by 2020 , with trips to mars following later .
meo ’ s car was discovered on sunday . that location is about two miles from where mr. dinardo ’ s possible role in their disappearance early on in the search , and mr. that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . but moscow mule enthusiasts need not despair — you can still use a mug with a copper exterior , as long as the interior is lined with a different metal , such as nickel or stainless steel . original article on live science . [ top 7 germs in food that make you sick ] the alcoholic beverages division said it issued the advisory because of the recent rise in popularity of moscow mules , which has led to questions about the safety of copper containers for this beverage .
police earlier said pappas was born in 1953. " this man is dangerous . a lot of story_separator_special_tag this undated photo provided by the houston police department shows joseph james pappas . 1 , 2018 , in houston . hausknecht was gunned down while riding his bike to work at houston methodist hospital , ( associated press ) houston ( ap ) — a man suspected of killing one of former president george h.w . police got a search warrant and went to pappas ' home , but he was not there . authorities on wednesday , aug.
add to that another 42 minutes a day , on average , spent doing other personal tasks , and the average employee could be wasting more than eight hours per workweek on activities unrelated to their jobs . hours , if you ’ re like most office rats . younger workers are even bigger offenders . all rights reserved . © 2017 wtop . added together , that ’ s nearly 8 hours a week of total lost productivity . the phone also is a way around company policy . sixty-eight percent of men frequently use their cellphones to access blocked websites in the office compared to 43 percent of women .
” sediqqi said the siege ended only after afghan and nato special forces stormed the building wednesday morning as nato attack helicopters provided backup . col. last month , insurgents besieged a british cultural center , and in june , teams of gunmen and bombers invaded a luxury high-rise hotel.special correspondent aimal yaqubi contributed to this report . but look , you know a dozen rpg rounds from 800 meters away — that isn ’ t [ the ] tet [ offensive ] , that ’ s harassment. residents watched in horror as lightly armed police officers wearing no body armor fought assailants who fired rockets into diplomatic and military enclaves while holed up in an unoccupied building in what is perhaps the most secure part of the capital .
the pentagon ' s research agency put out a request to industry this month to outline how a large cargo plane could release drones to spy on or attack an enemy and then return to the flying aircraft carrier . " if you think back to dirigibles , they used to have small aircraft , a one-man fighter , that would hook up to them . - underwater aircraft carrier ? we ' re not to that yet , " said author peter singer , who has written extensively about robots and warfare . " that ' s where there is some really interesting research work and strategic need .
" it ' s unbelievable . the owner of the planned marina says construction will begin in april .... the winnings for steve and terri weaver of stuttgart started saturday , when steve bought a $ 1 million scratch off and won . a new report shows that married couples have a 60 percent lower risk of a heart attack .... the republican majority flexed its muscle thursday , approving some of the most restrictive abortion legislation in the country .... nesting boxes for bluebirds should be in place by early february .... david takes your calls .... dr.
his teeth , back and front , were also heavily worn from chewing coarse grain and use as a " third hand " for gripping tools and cutting . that doesn ' t mean that ötzi was sardinian or corsican , graefen notes , but that those populations may be the closest living genetic matches to the hunter-gatherers who originally migrated into europe . see more scienceshots . so this is an important step . the new paper adds to our knowledge of neolithic life , says mummy expert frank ruehli of the university of zurich in switzerland . until researchers compare the b.
” “gov . and i don ' t know that he has that much substance , ” pelosi said in an interview aired sunday on nbc ’ s " meet the press . ( photos : 26 gay-rights milestones ) he rattled off a list of democrats who voted for the defense of marriage act but are now opposed to it , including vice president joe biden and sen. was he a bigot 14 months ago ? " reed asked maddow . patrick leahy . rick perry and lt. the administration , retired gen. still , he said , if the government does not find a “national consensus ” on issues of surveillance , there will be a huge backlash .
t.i . he says the guard eventually called the police , but says the law enforcement near his home are “white cops in a very white area , ” and he was promptly arrested . see more of steve sadow on facebook story_separator_special_tag file - in this jan. we ’ re told t.i . ireland said t.i . t.i . t.i . t.i . t.i. attends the roc nation pre-grammy brunch in new york . as for the assault charge , t.i . is one of the biggest names in hip-hop , with multiple platinum-selling albums and singles , production credits and roles in films like " atl " and " american gangster .
he said one officer injured in the shooting was with his department . ferguson • the missouri highway patrol and st. on thursday morning , officers swarmed a home in ferguson in their search for those responsible for the shooting of the two police officers . " this was not someone trying to bring healing to ferguson , this was a damn punk who was trying to sow discord . " bullets were flying past us , " little said . louis county police chief jon belmar said . " there may be a few people who are misguided or confused but in large part the majority of the protesters and the majority of americans want justice .
" i hate to say it , but there is some collectibility in this auction , " luray told aol weird news . the unabomber thought so highly of his environmental manifesto that he threatened to keep killing if the new york times and washington post didn ' t publish it . another item attracting interest is kaczynski ' s smith-corona typewriter . " on the other hand , things like marilyn monroe ' s dresses or liz taylor ' s jewelry will retain value over the years . , his twisted words seem to be worth less than his ratty sweatshirt .
and now , a jury has ruled that he broke a non-disclosure agreement that ' ll mean $ 500m in damages ( unless facebook wins on appeal ) . “i think the rate of growth will decline , but it will remain very high , ” said analyst michael pachter of wedbush securities . " the heart of this case was about whether oculus stole zenimax ' s trade secrets , and the jury found decisively in our favour , " the oculus spokesperson said . facebook ' s net profit more than doubled to $ 3.6bn in the fourth quarter .
learn more story_separator_special_tag president trump on friday said he had no regret for making light of rep. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . nicholas kamm/afp/getty images " i was in rome with leaders when i heard about it , and i heard that he body-slammed a reporter , " trump said . jackson denied allegations of misconduct and that he overprescribed medications , but eventually withdrew his name from consideration . add donald trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest donald trump news , video , and analysis from abc news .
- did monday ' s eclipse play a role in a huge atlantic salmon spill from a fish farm in the san juans ? the washington department of fish and wildlife is urging the public to catch as many of the fish as possible , with no limit on size or number . it turns out that explanation doesn ’ t hold water . bellingham , wash. if you ' re seriously going to remove these , you contract with commercial fishermen and remove these , " knutson said . photo : wild fish conservancy . that ’ s because the tides around cypress island , where the pens are located , were not abnormally high on saturday , when the pens collapsed .
according to ringing bells ’ founder and ceo mohit goel — sitting comfortably in his sector 62 office here , the company has been able to keep its promise to consumers . now we have a 4-inch , dual-sim phone ready for delivery . the company said it would deliver the first 2.5 million units by the end of june . it isn ’ t clear why the company needs another registration round , given the massive number of registrations it received back in february . “our devices are completely ‘make in india ’ and were manufactured at our haridwar-based manufacturing unit .
watts killed his wife , shanann and their two daughters , bella and celeste in august . watts was sentenced to life in prison without parole monday after pleading guilty to the murders of his family . he said he missed reading books with his daughters before bed and that it was hard to stay in the family ’ s frederick home . 17 . on nov. 13. she stepped in front of the camera briefly to show off her shirt he pleaded for their safe return , but was arrested days later . the six-hour interview with agents from the fbi and the colorado bureau of investigation on aug.
emmanuel macron has triggered a political earthquake in french politics . the 39-year-old centrist ’ s victory over far-right nationalist marine le pen in sunday ’ s election came as a huge relief to european union allies who had feared another populist upheaval to follow britain ’ s vote last year to leave the eu and donald trump ’ s election as u.s. president . ... " you see fewer people talking about free trade . he got lucky no doubt about it , mr macron was carried to victory in part by the winds of fortune . " the rise of nativism is having an impact on the politics , even if the candidates aren ' t winning .
joseph dunford , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said " there will be no modifications " to current policy for now , amid questions about trump ' s announcement on twitter that the u.s. government will not " accept or allow " transgender people to serve in any capacity in the military . demonstrators flocked ... ( photo : paul j. a rand corp. he concluded by saying , " treating service members with dignity and respect is something we expect from our sailors at all times . his spokesmen declined to comment thursday .
“the area hopper was skiing in is widely unstable and continuing to deteriorate with the additional heavy snowfall , ” troopers wrote . “those mountains can be unpredictable. ” kimberly mcroberts told channel 2 she was driving at about mile 205 on the richardson highway at about 6 : 30 p.m. saturday when she saw a headlamp near the road . ast spokeswoman says peterson ' s next of kin have been notified , but his body hasn ’ t been recovered . according to savage , hopper has spent a lot of time in the mountains around black rapids , and the lodge holds a course in avalanche safety ever year .
" the effect , she argues , is that prosecutors essentially “force ” defendants to plead guilty . last year , drug defendants in federal cases who went to trial and lost were sentenced to more than three times as many years in prison as those who took a plea , according to the report ’ s analysis of data from the united states sentencing commission , a government agency . one judge wrote that he was dismayed by the life sentence that prosecutors tried to impose on a defendant for carrying such a small amount of drugs over the course of his criminal history that the substance " would rattle around in a matchbox .
both men and women were able to accurately evaluate the intelligence of men by viewing facial photographs . the czech team said faces that are perceived as highly intelligent are longer , with a wide distance between the eyes . in addition to general intelligence , figural and fluid intelligence showed a significant relationship with perceived intelligence , but again , only in men . plos one 9( 3 ) : e81237 . this link between perceived attractiveness and perceived intelligence was stronger for women ’ s faces than men ’ s faces . the researchers proposed a number of explanations to be tested by future research .
according to the jamaican tourist board , this groovy reggae tune , titled " the bobsled song , " syncs perfectly with the olympic bobsled track ' s twists and turns . 15 , 2014 , in krasnaya polyana , ... published on feb 13 , 2014 song by sidney mills &amp; jon notar , and groove guild . first heat starts this sunday 11 : 15am est , 2/16 . " — by oskar garcia — twitter http://twitter.com/oskargarcia ___ associated press reporters are filing dispatches about happenings in and around sochi during the 2014 winter games .
he ' s no . i want to play so it ' s not a big deal to me . hatman watched four of henry ’ s games ( last year against florida and this year against wisconsin , mississippi and auburn ) wednesday and provided his findings . several mock drafts have henry rated higher , some as a late first-round pick . on the day before the 7 p.m. ct heisman trophy ceremony in new york , henry got another question about how many times he ' s running the ball . http://www.al.com/alabamafootball/index.ssf/2015/12/heisman_finalists_give_their_t.html kenyan drake ' s nov.
interested in texas church shooting ? the pastor said he was in oklahoma this morning when the shooter opened fire in his church , first baptist church of sutherland springs . a law enforcement official reports that 26 people are dead and about 20 others were injured . greg abbott said at a press conference . the shooting has devastated the small texas town east of san antonio , described as a place where " everybody knows everybody . kelley listed a colorado springs , colorado , address story_separator_special_tag photo : david j. willeford shot suspect devin patrick ...
" it ' s different for everyone , " walton said . navy the navy says it has its first female candidates for two elite special operations jobs previously closed to women — including a prospective seal . sailors must also prove they can pass the physical standards and requirements of the gender to which they are transitioning . cmdr . what makes the training so difficult ? christian dunbar told members of the defense advisory committee on women in the service in june . " related content : a spokesman for naval special warfare command , capt . whoever these unnamed trailblazers are , the path ahead for them won ' t be easy .
in its defense , str claims that its group includes professors of biology and high-school science teachers . exploiting such debates over the lineage of species " is a typical strategy of creation scientists to attack the teaching of evolution itself " , says joonghwan jeon , an evolutionary psychologist at kyung hee university in yongin . according to a report in nature , a south korean creationist campaign has achieved victory in its efforts to see specific examples of evolution removed from high school text books . even the nation ’ s leading science institute — the korea advanced institute of science and technology — has a creation science display on campus .
a blood sample found nearby has been tested , but the results are not being released , nbc reported.meanwhile , bobo ' s family continues to hold out hope that she is alive . " please help her come home to us . focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain . she told nbc news she was approached by a " tall , skinny man " outside her home at around 5 : 30 one morning in january .
) - women around the world feel stressed and pressed for time , but women in emerging markets are more stressed than their sisters in developed nations -- and indian women say they are the most stressed of all , according to a survey published on tuesday . tokyo ( reuters life ! " the difference in perceptions is ... ( 55 % ) u.s.a. women in the developed economies surveyed dedicate more of their cash to vacations , savings and paying off debt . reflective of the belief that women in developed countries have achieved a certain level of attainment and success , " said whiting .
in markets that offer biscuits , you can ' t order the " southern style " chicken biscuit , but you can order : - bacon , egg and cheese biscuit - sausage biscuit with egg - sausage biscuit story_separator_special_tag breakfast with so many options , breakfast has never been tastier . * menu items vary by location . for those who love mcgriddle sandwiches , you ' re out of luck . deliciousness doesn ' t . * you can still enjoy our full breakfast menu every morning , which includes favorites like the signature egg mcmuffin or the sweet mcgriddles .
tsarnaev ’ s body is now at a funeral home in worcester . cnn obtained a copy of tamerlan tsarnaev ' s death certificate , which lists the cause of death as " gunshot wounds of torso and extremities " and " blunt trauma to head and torso . cemeteries in new jersey have also said no . wbz newsradio 1030 ’ s lana jones reports none were in serious condition . other hurdles remain . “there ’ s a fear there , ” stefan says . when brave law enforcement officers did their job in that city so courageously , good guys with guns stopped terrorists with guns , " he said .
a handful of determined strikers were sent to the picket line at third and adeline in the remains of an effort to keep the port of oakland closed . " but they are not rallying . : protesters call it a night organizer mario fernandez , 27 , got on a megaphone , performed the customary mic check to get the crowd ' s attention and said : " it ' s late . occupy oakland protesters voted for the action on wednesday , the day after police cleared occupy campers from the plaza , seriously injuring former marine scott olsen in the process .
he said he asked elliot if he was “‘the michael elliot , ” and elliot confirmed he was the escapee . students were later dismissed , with a heavy police presence on site to ensure their safety . , and allegedly stole a total of four vehicles in his 24-hour run from the law . the sheriff ’ s department was alerted to the theft at 6 : 16 p.m. et , according to a monday night news release . " what we ' re laporte , ind . that snowbank was at the t-intersection of n 250 e between east division and e 150 n in kankakee township , east of laporte .
“i heard parts of bernie ’ s speech , " trump said . ” kasich , who said via twitter he would head to south carolina to continue his primary bid , saved some tough talk for the democratic candidates for president . " he warned his supporters that his win could augur an uglier phase of the race . with 93 percent of precincts reporting , sanders led clinton 60 percent to 38 percent . " what happened here in new hampshire in terms of the enthusiastic and aroused electorate ... steve annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com .
dismissing ramirez ’ s account because she was “totally inebriated and all messed up , ” trump also accused democrats of playing a “con game ” in an attempt to derail his supreme court choice . kavanaugh has strongly denied accusations from two women of sexual misconduct . 24 , 2018 , on capitol hill ... she admits time lapses. judge brett m. ( sept. " kavanaugh is set to testify thursday at a public hearing before the senate judiciary committee . “thirty-six years ago and nobody ever knew about it , nobody ever heard about it ?
( wtnh ) -- a preliminary report on the fatal plane crash in east haven describes the aircraft as being " inverted " and at a high rate of speed before the crash . sade brantley,13 , and her 1-year-old sister , madisyn mitchell , were in one of houses that was struck . " are you talking to 622 ? the last radar target was at 11 : 20 a.m. we heard what neighbors saw on the ground august 9th . , according to the ntsb . fire consumed most of the wreckage . at that point , it was .7 miles north of the runway the plane was scheduled to land at and it was traveling at an altitude of 800 feet , according to the report .
“health care is complicated , it ’ s boring . story_separator_special_tag jimmy kimmel tripled down on his condemnation of the latest gop-led effort to repeal and replace obamacare during his monologue thursday night , unloading scathing criticisms of president trump and louisiana senator bill cassidy , a co-author of the graham-cassidy bill . “and that ’ s what these guys are relying on . but not , apparently , confusing enough to lower kimmel ’ s self-confidence . learn more email sign up by signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from politico . lindsey graham ( r-s.c.
when he was questioned a second time three days later , christensen changed his story , telling agents he was driving on campus , came across an asian woman looking distressed and offered her a ride because she said she was late to an appointment . the new indictment accuses brendt christensen , 28 , of kidnapping resulting in the death of yingying zhang . even though her body hasn ' t been found , authorities believe zhang is dead . 27 before u.s. district court judge colin bruce . police also searched his phone and found visits to a sadomasochism fetish website with discussion threads on kidnapping fantasies .
what ' s the likely fallout from the killing of the u.s. ambassador to libya as well as the storming of u.s. embassies in libya and egypt ? , to issue a statement on friday acknowledging that american intelligence agencies “revised our initial assessment to reflect new information indicating that it was a deliberate and organized terrorist attack carried out by extremists. obama ’ s matt bradley reports . photo : reuters . clapper jr. romney . sept. eurasia group middle east and north africa analyst hani sabra discusses on the news hub . williamson , a former diplomat and an adviser to mr.
and she ’ s feisty. “he wanted to do it in front of her family , ” a source told us of the magic mike actor ' s dec. sofia vergara ’ s ex-fiance nick loeb couldn ’ t be happier for vergara and joe manganiello . ” she wrote , “happy happy bday to my love and best friend to the one who makes me laugh like crazy ! regis princeville resort in kauai . 25 proposal . they were introduced at the white house correspondents dinner in may . the couple has been enjoying a whirlwind romance , after only going public together in june .
filner will take " some personal time " and be unavailable for comment , said a statement by the law firm of payne &amp; fears , which is assisting filner in his defense against a sexual harassment lawsuit filed by a former staff member . barbara boxer ( d-calif. 19. but he reportedly started the program earlier than announced . also friday , u.s. sen. because i could not possibly determine everyone who had keys , i believed it was necessary to ensure the integrity of his physical office in his absence . 5 and 12.
" she played the daughter of michael douglas ' character in " don ' t say a word " in 2001. " she was a kind and really beautiful girl , " her mother said . " her mother said she started cardiopulmonary resuscitation on her daughter before paramedics arrived . while investigators have not determined a cause of death , bartusiak had been suffering from epileptic seizures in recent days , according to her mother . and george h.w . her last film role was the lead in " sick boy , " a low-budget thriller released in 2012.
strange called in to " kevin &amp; bean " on kroq on monday from switzerland and said he was shooting a dangerous wingsuit proximity video where " we fly super close to stuff . interested in the stories shaping california ? wingsuiting accident johnny strange -- famed adventurer dies at age 23 ... there must be some flaw in our system , a lethal secret beyond my comprehension. vinson massif in antarctica . including base jumping into the grand canyon . “wingsuit base-jumping feels safe to me but 25 wingsuit-fliers have lost their lives , this year alone .
trump. and that sway seems particularly strong with the tea party wing of the base , which will be a decisive factor in the early primaries that are likely to determine the nominee . trump to a â€ œcarnival barkerâ€ ? “our readers and the grass roots really love trump , ” said christopher ruddy , chief executive of newsmax media . trump has been a popular attraction at the conservative political action conference , the annual gathering in washington . trump adviser michael cohen confirmed it . trump several times this year . trump can command .
asking mexico to pay for the wall is “unacceptable , ” mexico ’ s foreign minister luis videgaray has said . " that wouldn ' t be nearly enough to finish the job , but it would allow a start . ” he left up in the air the question of the 31 january meeting with trump in the white house – saying his decision would depend on an evaluation by a team already in washington and officials at home . trump could tap some existing federal funds to begin construction . trump repeatedly promised a border wall throughout his election campaign but mexico ’ s political elite appeared to be hoping that the billionaire-turned-populist politician had been bluffing .
6. " born this way " reaps the largest sales week of any album since 50 cent ' s " the massacre " did 1,141,000 in its first week , in march of 2005. apple is expected to start icloud , its competitor to cloud drive , next monday . the last time we had a million-plus frame was when taylor swift ' s " speak now " premiered at no . amazon paid the album ' s full wholesale cost , about $ 9 , to the singer ' s record company , vivendi sa ' s universal music group , and absorbed the cost .
siezed the silk road website . man arrested at library accused as the mastermind window._taboola = window._taboola &#124; &#124; [ ] ; _taboola.push( { mode : ' thumbnails-c ' , container : ' taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : ' interstitial gallery thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : ' mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push( { flush : true } ) ; photo : kurt rogers image 1 of / 3 caption close image 1 of 3 the entrance to the glen park branch library in san francisco . the indictment lays out a detailed account of how silk road grew and how fbi agent christopher tarbell took it down .
using footage from body-worn cameras , we analyze the respectfulness of police officer language toward white and black community members during routine traffic stops . " " and people care as much about how they ' re treated as whether or not they got a [ speeding ] ticket . the study is published in proceedings of the national academy of sciences . it aims to use bodycam footage to help improve police-community relations . if these interactions go smoothly , the police build respect within their community . the study was part of a unique , decade long research collaboration between stanford university and the oakland police department in california , which began when the department asked prof eberhardt to analyse their
his compulsive womanizing drove teresa into the arms of philip barton key , a handsome young widower who was washington ' s district attorney and the son of the author of ' ' appointed first secretary to the american legation in london , he distinguished himself by introducing a notorious new york prostitute and madam to queen victoria . a few days earlier , sickles had received an anonymous letter . he eventually acquiesced — his twenty-two-year-old wife could have the ring , but not his forgiveness . it was later revealed he would watch the house from a club across the street .
story_separator_special_tag corsica ’ s largest armed independence group has said it will lay down its weapons in favour of conventional political channels to further its ambitions on the french mediterranean island . but attacks by flnc continued , although with less frequency . in 1997 , several banks and government offices were targeted in more than 50 bomb explosions in one day , for which flnc claimed responsibility . . . in april , the local assembly approved a bill limiting land and property purchases to those who have been a corsican resident for at least five years . in a communiqué issued on wednesday evening , the flnc said : “without prior notification and without ambiguity , our organisation has unilaterally decided to start a demilitarisation process and a progressive exit from clandestine activities.
investigators said one of the sisters arrived in the united states in august and the other in september . witnesses said they seem to be normal and having a good time . the incident marked at least the seventh suicide involving rented guns at u.s. shooting ranges this year , and the third at the family shooting center since 2004. they had been firing small caliber handguns for almost 90 minutes . " obviously we can ' t make her tell us that . 8 , perea said . joey bunch : 303-954-1174 or jbunch@denverpost.com . a copy of the search warrant for their hotel room obtained by fox 31 news listed their names as candace and kristin hermeler .
admitting that some of the songs from the new album will simply be too painful for her to perform in the future , the 22-year-old bares her soul in bluesy tunes like ' someone like you ' and ' rolling in the deep . no vague " he/she broke my heart " stuff — we wanted details ! ) deserving guy in " chasing pavements . who else has made it explicitly clear what their ex did that got them called out in song ? " well , adele ' s follow-up album , 21 , was released yesterday , and it sounds like that whole " chasing " situation didn ' t end so well .
during cattrall ’ s sit-down with morgan — which is airing in full monday night in the uk — she also says she ’ s been saying “no ” to a third installment for almost a year . “i never asked for any money , i never asked for any projects . ” the actress addressed reports that her demands led studio warner bros. cynthia nixon ( left ) , kim cattrall , kristin davis and sarah jessica parker . “and then i realized what a commitment it was just to the [ ivf ] procedures.
we ’ ve downloaded it , so what ’ s inside ? of public safety servers , lulzsec writes : " every week we plan on releasing more classified documents and embarrassing personal details of military and law enforcement in an effort not just to reveal their racist and corrupt nature but to purposefully sabotage their efforts to terrorize communities " . today , quite unexpectedly , lulzsec security announced its retirement . please correct me if i did . along with its final statement , it released a data dump including a wide range of information . ill winds would bring brigadiers on pursuing warships .
rand paul is not reportedly considering a run for the house of representatives , although if he ' s going to run for president and senate at the same time , he might as well go for the hat-trick . thayer explained . mr. paul since his election in 2010. thayer says that paul discussed the issue with members of the senate republican caucus earlier this month , when paul testified in frankfort in support of a bill restoring felons ’ voting rights . opening a door to hedge his political bets , sen. but in a recent c-span “newsmakers ” program , mr.
" welcome to lebanon high school , where smiles are fake and suicide prevention is something to laugh at , " she said in the video , criticizing her peers ' reaction to the stop it app the wilson county school had put out in response to the death . " i don ' t have a problem with that . " i applaud her for taking a stance . this feature is not available right now . please try again later . 22. i wish she hadn ' t of done the first one the way she did it inside the classroom , but as far as the message goes , i ' m all for the message .
over the past decade , a propublica and npr investigation found , state after state has slashed workers ’ comp benefits , driven by calls from employers and insurers to lower costs . such decisions are part of a greater rollback in protections for injured workers nationwide . have something we should look into ? share this view twitter facebook a leg is a leg. both were married with two children about the same age . “there was no fixing the bone. but depending on those numbers , the final amounts can vary widely . the men lived within 75 miles of each other .
after repeated phone calls , ahn said , he opened a third account he didn ' t need , as a favor to the banker . she believes she was fired in retaliation for speaking out . " i should be spending my time improving the productivity of my business instead of this . " wells fargo declined to comment on el-dahan ' s and ahn ' s stories . estrada said employees would open premium checking accounts for latino immigrants , enabling them to send money across the border at no charge . customers continue to report problems too .
sajid is not alone in his plight - but he may feel more aggrieved than the numerous saddam husseins of iraq , who feel cursed with a name that was originally given in tribute to a leader whose legacy is one of a brutal dictator . for the initial six months , saddam was unable to decipher why he was being rejected . somehow , thanks to sheer luck , the weapon jammed , and the militia eventually released him . “even shah rukh khan gets detained at us airports . prospective employers ask for his educational certificates , but his university has refused to change the name until he got his class 10 and 12 exam certificates changed first .
there ' s probably no better example of this than emmis digital ' s recent search for interns that pitted applicants against each other in a " hunger games " -themed social media contest for the honor of working for no pay . ( the emmis interns do receive college credit. therefore , unpaid internships are , in fact , very important . view full caption dnainfo/ mark konkol river north — getting a job after college once entailed padding your resume , writing a witty-yet-professional cover letter and nailing the job interview . my pal m.l . today , the ad ops specialist at emmis digital explains her thinking succinctly : “competition breeds excellence.
the boeing-777 was story_separator_special_tag investigators searching for a missing malaysia airlines plane that disappeared with 239 people on board have said all security checks were followed . where is it now ? -- the area that nearly three dozen aircraft and 40 ships from 10 countries are combing has grown . this photo provided by laurent errera taken dec. william marks of the u.s. navy 7th fleet told cnn . malaysia ' s civil aviation chief said two passengers travelling on stolen passports - one issued by italy and the other by austria - were " not asian-looking men " .
according to the national weather service in romeoville , illinois , christmas morning was the last day o ' hare reported at least an inch of snow on the ground prior to stella . average chicago snowfall from dec. phil velasquez / chicago tribune a woman pushes a stroller on a balmy tuesday at maggie daley park . wgn-tv meteorologist tom skilling said he believes the 146-year streak in chicago is part of climate change and emphasized that it does not occur linearly , meaning that there is potential for cold winters in the future . 10-11. 17.
( associated press ) kate , duchess of cambridge , follows her husband prince william , as they arrive arrive to attend a christmas service with other members of the royal family at st. mary ' s church in the grounds of ... check back soon for further information . the message was recorded dec. she spoke of the strength family can provide during times of hardship and how friendships are often formed in difficult times . ap ' s earlier story is below . the 90-year-old prince was recovering from having a coronary stent put in after doctors determined the heart pains that sent him to the hospital on friday were caused by a blocked artery .
the flat was located in a fashionable paris neighbourhood , near the jardin du luxembourg and the french senate . more articles like this : some have organised parties or even film screenings . skulls and rib cages lay along its walls . no specific wines were named . that is why in addition to their confusing structure and lack of light , the catacombs are home to between six and seven millions of human remains . paris police said that they were investigating how the theft took place . story_separator_special_tag thieves who stole more than 250,000 euros worth of fine wine from a paris apartment cellar exploited the french capital ' s vast underground tunnel network , according to french media reports .
that witness said it appeared several of the women in those photos were story_separator_special_tag two men were arrested for running a prostitution ring out of an apartment in a massachusetts senior living facility , police said . lambach photographed her and placed advertisements on backpage.com . sign up for breaking news emails privacy policy thanks for subscribing ! joseph e. michael maddalena . anyone with information regarding this case is asked to call pittsfield police officer brenna dorr at 413-448-9700 , ext 384. posted tuesday , november 21 , 2017 5 : 27 pm how to help ...
( skip dickstein/times union ) image 8 of 13 alexandria duval aka alison dadow appears in albany authorities say the sisters were fighting over the steering wheel . a grand jury in hawaii indicted her on a second-degree murder charge last month . story_separator_special_tag window._taboola = window._taboola &#124; &#124; [ ] ; _taboola.push( { mode : ' thumbnails-c ' , container : ' taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : ' interstitial gallery thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : ' mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push( { flush : true } ) ; window._taboola = window._taboola &#124; &#124; [ ] ; _taboola.push( { mode : ' thumbnails-c ' , container : ' taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10 ' , placement : ' interstitial gallery thumbnails 10 ' , target_type : ' mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push( { flush : true } ) ; window._taboola = window._taboola &#124; &#124; [ ] ; _taboola.push( { mode : ' thumbnails-c ' , container : ' taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-13 ' , placement : ' interstitial gallery thumbnails 13 ' , target_type : ' mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push( { flush : true } ) ; photo : thomas cordy image 1 of / 13 caption close image 1 of 13 file- in this oct.
that ' s when police say someone kicked in her front door and shot her . police say semantha bunce was taken to the hospital after they responded to a call regarding an assault with a deadly weapon . " we have good days and bad days . charlotte-mecklenburg police say reco latur dawkins , jr. walked into the police station and surrendered . the shooter then ran from home . i thought it was the people behind me working on their house , ” chambers explained . the baby was not hit or hurt . , 23 , was charged with attempted murder , felony breaking and entering and conspiracy .
' ' ​ isaac said the father told police the teen returned home to skip school . " " please hurry . police say the man heard a noise in the basement and checked on it with a gun in his hand . he tells police his son is struggling to breathe as he held a cloth to his neck to slow the bleeding . get here quick . shortly after 8 : 15 a.m. police lt. no names were released immediately . the shooting at 1216 blanchard ave. police say the father fired after apparently being startled , hitting the boy in the neck .
" he knew he was in trouble , " said graham . " i ' m a no-tolerant mother . as images of her reaction started to go viral , graham says comments started appearing on her son ' s facebook page , many in support of her . " graham , a single mom with six children , denounced the vandalism and violence against police officers . everybody who knows me , knows i don ' t play that , " graham told the network . " i think these were youth coming out of the high school and they thought it was cute to throw cinder blocks at the police department and address it that way .
one lawmaker who attended , james cleverly , said may " made it very clear that there is a job of work to be done ( on brexit ) and this is a delay and a distraction . so the brexit fundamentals at westminster remain , for now , unchanged . britain ' s prime minister theresa may speaks at prime minister ' s questions in the house of commons , london , britain , december 12 , 2018. eurosceptic critics of the deal within her own party triggered a no-confidence vote in her leadership hours after she returned from talks with european leaders aimed at winning additional assurances about her deal .
the academy said the pair ' s combined work " has generated a flourishing field of research and improved mo ibrahim prize for african leadership : no winner mo ibrahim said only exceptional leaders will get the prize continue reading the main story related stories there is no winner this year for the world ' s most valuable individual prize - the mo ibrahim prize for good governance in africa . " we can use some of these insights to optimally organize these exchanges so that we can save as many lives as possible , " he said . messrs.
joyce marshall / ap tsygankova , who is 32 and charged with two counts of capital murder of a person under age 10 , will remain in the tarrant county jail until a bed becomes available at the mental health facility . " story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . kholodenko resumed playing concerts a month after his girls were killed . prosecutors raised no objections to state judge ruben gonzalez ' s order , which was signed on monday . the estranged wife of acclaimed concert pianist vadym kholodenko has been ruled mentally incompetent to stand trial for allegedly killing the couple ' s two young daughters by smothering them with pillows .
steve " is very popular with the students , and he looks out for them . so many of the children wanted him to sign their books that someone got him a chair , and a line of children formed to the left . the school tells news 10 that " mr. they say he was touched and amazed by the show of affection from the students . you might not think that a school janitor would get rock star treatment from students , but that is exactly how the kids at alan shephard elementary school in bourbonnais , il think of steve weidner .
some signs that might indicate an individual is lying about being the victim of a crime — if story_separator_special_tag male student files lawsuit seeking court ’ s help to dismiss pending disciplinary hearing the university of texas at austin has been sued for allegedly wrongly seeking to expel a male student over accusations that he sexually assaulted a non-ut student in her off-campus apartment . drunken sex ? become one . ’ ” the specificity of the report allows officers to approach abstract concepts , like empathy , in immediate , real-world ways , according to busch-armendariz . because assault victims have experienced trauma , their cases often call for a more specialized officer response he said .
" regarding these claims , the nfl has repeatedly stated that player safety is a priority . the boston researchers determined that duerson did , in fact , show signs of chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a progressive degenerative disease of the brain found in people with a history of repetitive brain trauma . must watch former nfl great on concussions 05 : 55 just watched explain it to me : concussions replay more videos ... cte results only from repeated blows to the head , and can be diagnosed only after death . it ’ s long been accepted that if you follow football you know that acl stands for anterior cruciate ligament and mcl stands for medial collateral ligament .
in that case , reid said laird later admitted to detectives that she used heroin one to two times a week for at least five months of her pregnancy . the man she was with was arrested on an outstanding warrant . a jefferson county grand jury on april 15 indicted laird on the first charge . pleasant grove police lt. most children born to addicted mothers , including many mothers who were taking prescribed methadone , were not being reported by hospitals as required by law . a search of the vehicle turned up 38 hydrocodone pills .
“it is time to say husband is not the master , ” said the chief justice , dipak misra . the law , mr shine said , also " indirectly discriminates against women by holding an erroneous presumption that women are the property of men " . but the court said the offence , which carried a prison sentence of up to five years , was arbitrary and needed to go . although the british had done away with it long back , we were still stuck with it. who challenged the law ? the case , brought by an indian businessman living in italy , sought to have section 497 of the indian penal code and another similar provision made gender neutral .
" my main concern is that the object of school is to prepare people for life . welcome to nettleton middle school , where not only are class elections segregated , but the president slots are designated for white students . when brandy complained to the school board , " they told me that they ' go by the mother ' s race b/c with minorities the father isn ' t generally in the home . the rules sparked an outcry on blogs and other websites after springer contacted an advocacy group for mixed-race families . " she asked .
___ 2 : 20 p.m. president donald trump is railing against the iran nuclear agreement as " a horrible , one-sided deal " based on a lie . he says in an address to the nation that he will be reinstituting the highest level of sanctions and warning any country not to help the iranian government . critics of tuesday ' s move said trump is giving north korea little reason to trust him . israel has neither confirmed nor denied involvement . breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . in 2015 , iran agreed to halt its pursuit of nuclear weapons — and to allow for international checks on its facilities — in exchange for moves by the u.s.
an epa lawyer also said that earlier communications had described such a freeze . an email went out to employees in the agency ’ s office of acquisition management within hours of president trump ’ s swearing-in on friday . hiring freezes happened , he said , but freezes on grants and contracts seemed extraordinary . washington ― the environmental protection agency has frozen its grant programs , according to sources there . 23 at the white house . ” asked about any possible freeze and its implications , epa officials did not provide an answer . until we receive further clarification , this includes task orders and work assignments.
" gilman also said spitzer defamed him in writing by stating that " many employees of marsh " have been " convicted and sentenced to jail terms , " when none had . so it is with the wall street journal ' s obsession with attacking and misrepresenting the multiple cases that i brought against both aig and its former chairman and ceo , hank greenberg . that case was dismissed in january . twenty-one others pleaded guilty . spitzer , in a phone interview , declined to comment after the first of the lawsuits , gilman ' s , became public .
" this was very sophisticated operation that was ongoing , " kearney said . story_separator_special_tag a sheriff ' s deputy is among three california men charged by police in york county in connection to 247 pounds of marijuana seized last week after a traffic stop in the hanover area . kearney said heath had his badge and his service weapon on him at the time of his arrest . download abc 27 news for iphone here or abc 27 news for android here . “one has to be both saddened and angered when you hear of something like this , ” york county district attorney tom kearney said .
he was 89. " story_separator_special_tag story highlights joe jackson said he was strict because he wanted the best for his family " this was gary , indiana , and i had to make sure that they didn ' t get in any type of trouble " jackson tells cnn ' s piers morgan he heard about michael jackson ' s death from a fan on his son ' s jailed doctor : " i blame a lot of people , not just conrad murray " the stories have been around for decades -- sometimes disquieting ones about the strict upbringing of joe and katherine jackson ' s nine children in a high-pressure , showbiz family .
sally jewell , an outdoor-equipment executive and former petroleum engineer and commercial banker , won senate confirmation to become u.s. interior secretary in a bipartisan senate vote . eleven republicans opposed her nomination . ” murkowski said she was “very impressed with her level of sincerity , ” and said she also supported jewell . “that ’ s why i ’ m especially enthused today to recommend sally jewell to head the department of interior . mike johanns mike johannsfarmers , tax incentives can ease the pain of a smaller farm bill lobbying world to buy a swiss company , chemchina must pass through washington more ( neb .
over the years , the population rose to the thousands , forming the complex society that carved the statues easter island is known for today . there was a certain level of sociopolitical organization that was needed to carve almost a thousand statues , " simpson said . " this remote island 2,300 miles off the coast of chile has long been seen as mysterious -- a place where polynesian seafarers set up camp , built giant statues , and then destroyed their own society through in-fighting and over-exploitation of natural resources . these statues , or moai , often referred to as " easter island heads , " are actually full-body figures that became partially buried over time .
severus isn ' t the only person in harry potter who ' s hard to pin down . well , spoilers ) he kills dumbledore . you have to watch all of it . throughout those films , we see his character go from a brooding villain to heartbreaking hero who would do anything for the ones he loved . alan rickman ’ s most iconic role may very well be professor snape from the harry potter series . alan rickman : life in pictures 30 show all alan rickman : life in pictures 1/30 alan rickman at the uk premiere of ' a little chaos ' at odeon kensington in london , 2015 getty images 2/30 alan rickman poses with actress kate winslet and actress helen mccrory as they attend the uk premiere of ' a little chaos ' at odeon kensington in london , 2015 getty image 3/30 4/30 alan rickman signs autographs for fans before the opening ceremony during the febiofest prague international film festival in prague , czech republic , 2015 getty images 5/30 alan rickman poses with ' elle &amp; the pocket belles ' as he attends on day two of the qatar goodwood festival at goodwood racecourse in chichester , 2015 getty images 6/30 alan rickman shakes hands with the queen elizabeth ii during the dramatic arts reception at buckingham palace , 2014 7/30 8/30 alan rickman arrives at the giffoni film festival meeting with the jurors in giffoni valle piana , italy , 2014 9/30 ' a promise ' film photocall , 70th venice international film festival , italy , 2013 rex 10/30 alan rickman walks on the red carpet as he arrives to attend the world premier for the film ' gambit ' in leicester square , in london , 2012 11/30 ( l-r ) alan rickman , tom felton , emma watson , daniel radcliffe , rupert grint and matthew lewis attend the new york premiere of ' harry potter and the deathly hallows : part 2 ' at avery fisher hall , lincoln center in new york , 2011 12/30 13/30 alan rickman attends the ' john gabriel borkman ' after party at the brooklyn academy of music in new york city , 2011 14/30 alan rickman at the broadway opening night of ' seminar ' at the golden theatre in new york , 2011 15/30 actors sir christopher lee ( l ) and alan rickman attend the royal world premiere of ' alice in wonderland ' at odeon leicester square in london , 2010 16/30 17/30 alan rickman poses at the gibson guitar celebrity hospitality lounge held at the miners club during the 2008 sundance film festival in park city , utah 18/30 alan rickman and sigourney weaver attend the photocall for ' snow cake ' as part of the 56th berlin international film festival ( berlinale ) in berlin , 2006 19/30 alan rickman shares a laugh with mos def at the premiere of hbo ' s ' something the lord made ' in new york , 2004 20/30 alan rickman attends the uk premiere of ' harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban ' at the odeon leicester square in london , 2004 21/30 actor alan rickman and lyndsey duncan attend the ' 2002 tony award ' nominees brunch in new york , 2002 22/30 23/30 alan rickman and julia roberts at ' hollywood salutes bruce willis : an american cinematheque tribute ' at the beverly hilton hotel , beverly hills , 2000 24/30 sigourney weaver ( l ) , tim allen ( c ) and alan rickman ( r ) , pose for the premiere of the science fiction , action comedy film ' galaxy quest ' outside mann ' s chinese theatre in los angeles , 1999 25/30 alan rickman at the golden globe awards ceremony in los angeles , 1997 rex 26/30 alan rickman with laim neeson , natasha richardson in 1997 rex 27/30 actresses cybill shepherd ( l ) and christine baranski ( c ) present an emmy to alan rickman ( r ) for outstanding lead actor in a mini-series or special for his lead role in the hbo production of ' rasputin ' during the 48th annual emmy awards in pasadena , california , 1996 28/30 alan rickman story_separator_special_tag fans of harry potter ( i.e .
taller people more likely to get cancer , say researchers read more nunney compared story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) tall people are at a greater risk of cancer because they have more cells in their body , new research has suggested . this fits with previous studies . " we ' ve known that there is a link between scientists have put forward a number of different explanations for this , including that certain growth hormones could play a role in both height and cancer , or that environmental factors such as childhood nutrition or illness could be a factor .
harris county flood control district says it will be like that for some time as water from the addicks reservoir flushes into buffalo bayou . the trump administration in a letter to congress asked for a $ 7.85 billion appropriation for response and initial recovery efforts . ” in houston , harrowing close calls shook many families . wadler was eventually helped onto a story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) even as darkness fell and the waters kept rising , emergency officials in houston continued fielding calls overnight from flood-stranded texans . we didn ’ t know what would happen . none of us are going to give up.
according to a new report by worldwide tracking and recovery system company lojack , the honda accord ranks as the most stolen and recovered vehicle for the fifth year in a row . chevy tahoe acura integra 7. cadillac escalade 8. ford f350 9. toyota camry 4. nissan altima 10. honda civic 3. remember that movie with nic cage where he had to steal 50 cars but only ended up with " 49 and an ' alf ? " because car parts are often interchangeable over multiple model years , thieves can get up to three times the value of the vehicle if they sell it for parts , clancy said .
the villagers say officials have sold off their land to developers and failed to compensate them properly . the villagers had planned to march through police barricades around the town to local government offices . police say he died of a " sudden illness " , but his family say he was beaten to death . story_separator_special_tag southern chinese authorities have given in to demands of protesting villagers after a nearly two-week standoff with police , releasing detainees and returning some confiscated land to farmers in a rare compromise . there are thousands of protests over land grabs in china each year but the situation in wukan has attracted considerable attention because of its scale .
wayde byard , a spokesman for loudoun county public schools , says that after the may 2 exam , the sealed box was locked in the guidance office at broad run . follow @wtop on twitter and wtop on facebook . “ups did not lose this , and we apologize profoundly to ups , ” byard said . a generic standardized test form . at 9 : 07 a.m. all rights reserved . http://on.wusa9.com/1i2kff4 story_separator_special_tag over 200 students in loudoun county are breathing a sigh of relief after their missing sat tests were found monday morning .
researchers randomly split participants into “above average ” quality sleep and “below average ” quality sleep groups . the students who were told they got a good night ’ s sleep performed significantly better in the paced auditory serial addition test , a cognitive exercise which measured their ability to listen and process information . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . they were told the average proportion of rem sleep a night was between 20 and 20 per cent . they concluded : “these findings supported the hypothesis that mindset can influence cognitive states in both positive and negative directions , suggesting a means of controlling one ' s health and cognition.
" we looked southwest and there they were , " steve douglass , a journalist and member of the group , told foxnews.com . obviously someone will argue that exposing three black aircraft in plain daylight is not that smart , especially if you want to keep the project classified . what did they shot flying over texas ? fox news ' edmund demarche contributed to this report these stories are often attached to other theories about hidden testing bases or alien life forms . 10. it wasn ’ t straight but had a slight curve , the aircraft was almost boomerang shaped.
( associated press ) havana ( ap ) — cuba ' s national assembly will elect a new president on wednesday and announce the replacement for raul castro the next day , an unusual two-day process that will install someone from outside the castro family in the country ' s highest government office for the first time in nearly six decades . girls walk along a street in old havana where a driver steers his classic american car in havana , cuba , tuesday , april 17 , 2018. his brother fidel was prime minister and president from 1959 until he fell ill in 2006.
coltharp ’ s sentencing is scheduled for august 8. shaffer , 34 , was convicted wednesday on one count of rape of a child and one count of child sodomy . according to multiple reports , he was sentenced to 15 years to life in prison — and utah state courts spokesman geoff fattah tells people he will spend a minimum of 26 years behind bars . police began investigating the situation on dec. all four girls were transported by ambulance to the cedar city hospital where they received emergency medical care . shaffer was arrested in december 2017 on kidnapping charges .
masafumi nagasaki arrived on the island of sotobanari , on the yaeyama islands , an archipelago in the southwest of okinawa prefecture , japan , in 1989 and lived a life in solitude until he became known as the “naked hermit ” as a 76-year-old in 2012. “that ’ s what i learned when i came here , and that ’ s probably why i get by so well. no fresh water — and not many clothes either . read full story : https://bit.ly/2lanmul nagasaki tribute website : http://nagasaki.docastaway.com/ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- we have also discovered more robinson like him : - watch ' the vietnamese tarzan ' https://youtu.be/jxw3mfe9sm0 - watch ' the australian hermit ' https://youtu.be/w4nichvcrle - watch ' the first castaway girl ' https://youtu.be/tdtb6eol-re ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- become a robinson with us : http://www.docastaway.com/ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- appearing on this video : - alvaro cerezo https://www.facebook.com/alvarodocast ...
kiso , japan ( ap ) — five more bodies were found near the summit of a japanese volcano on monday , bringing the total presumed dead to 36 , police said , as toxic gases and ash from the still-erupting mountain forced rescue workers to halt efforts to recover the victims . " we ' re utterly exhausted . japan is one of the world ' s most seismically active nations . hikers said there was no warning of saturday ' s eruption just before noon and hundreds were trapped for hours before descent became possible later in the day .
indianapolis police responded to a report of multiple people shot at the shopping mall . " i hid in the fitting room , " reason said . the gunman went to the mall , encountered one of the victims and the two had words before the shooting started , mahone said , " this is not a random act and it looks like the suspect and the victim knew each other , " he said . ( ap photo/darron ... ( associated press ) police stand outside of the entrance at the washington square mall on wednesday , oct.
he immediately called police and turned the money in to authorities . " it ' s unclear why tracey ' s legal battle dragged on for six months . he said it was unlikely the real owners would come forward since the bag also contained drug paraphernalia . upper darby police superintendent michael chitwood was so impressed by the good deed , he said at the time that he believed the money should go to tracey , a septa worker , if nobody claimed the cash . and this week – after more than a year – a judge agreed with him .
it ' s the first ever meeting between a sitting u.s. president and north korean leader . the two will huddle alone for roughly 45 minutes before being joined by aides for a larger meeting and working lunch . trump earlier defended his decision to meet with kim , tweeting that north korea has already released three detainees and that missile tests have halted . the statement of renewed u.s.-north korean cooperation capped a four-hour-plus summit in which trump and kim had nothing but nice things to say about each other as they finally came face-to-face . story_separator_special_tag u.
kessler said two of the agents were supervisors who story_separator_special_tag an embarrassing scandal involving prostitutes and secret service agents deepened saturday as 11 agents were placed on leave , and the agency designed to protect president barack obama had to offer regret for the mess overshadowing his diplomatic mission to latin america . ( ap photo/carolyn ... “yes , doubly good judgment there. " rep. ( associated press ) people walk past hotel el caribe in cartagena , colombia , saturday april 14 , 2012. the new york republican said president barack obama sits in front of a large video screen displaying an image of a u.s. national flag during a three-way conversation with brazil ' s president dilma rousseff and colombia ' s president ...
the invitation list is a who ’ s who of hollywood mainstays who were inexplicably not academy members , international heavyweights , and big-deal up-and-comers . ( ken loach was also invited. submit your newswire tips here . the former attorney and managing editor of broadwayblack.com first began using the hashtag on twitter following the 2015 announcement of an all-white slate of acting oscar nominees , and again when the same occurred earlier this year . the whole mind-bogglingly long list can be read here , and includes three wayans brothers . a large part of the push seems to have come on the director front , a seemingly endless scroll of invited directors that includes catherine breillat , park chan-wook , lucrecia martel , julia loktev , abbas kiarostami , hou hsiao-hsien , karyn kusama , kiyoshi kurosawa , mary harron , mia hansen-løve , lynne ramsay , the wachowskis , apichatpong weerasethakul , james wan , maren ade , nuri bilge ceylan , souleymane cissé , patty jenkins , so yong kim , ryan coogler , ramin bahrani , and a whole lot of other people who aren ’ t older white dudes .
michael ' s catholic church in exeter n.h. said the pope was compassionate and loving in his conversation with john and diane foley . the orange of foley ’ s tunic . after more than a year without contact , the foleys received their first message from jim ’ s captors on nov. how old is he ? “we answers to those questions are unclear . father marc montminy of st. 26 , 2013 , asking for money , fast . boston , mass . 12 , 2014. but the militant now has an identity .
the boys , who are not strong swimmers , are being trained in how to dive using scuba equipment . image copyright afp image caption the boys all give their names , and a traditional thai greeting lit by torches and with divers sitting alongside , they each give their name and the traditional " wai " greeting , putting their palms together . but forcing them to exit through the water is considered very risky . advertisement “our biggest concern is the weather , ” he told reporters . rescuers entering the cave complex located in northern thailand have to navigate dark , flooded tunnels for six hours to reach the team .
” leider ’ s attorney david casselman called the ruling “extremely disappointing , ” and said evidence showed that elephants had died prematurely because of conditions at the zoo . a divided appeals court affirmed . in his motion , koretz relied on segal ’ s findings in the bench trial . like this : like loading ... crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . under california law , a taxpayer action cannot be used to enforce violations of criminal law , so an injunction against the city cannot stand , according to the unanimous court .
" we don ' t expect an epidemic of collapses — that ' s the extreme , " said dan goldberg , communications director for transportation for america , a coalition that identified the busiest deficient bridges in the nation in a 2011 report . and today , almost 50 percent of bridges of that age are structurally deficient ? all three occupants suffered only minor injuries . with good reason . that bridge , which was built in 1955 and collapsed may 23 , was not structurally deficient . the structurally deficient bridges are 65 years old on average , and the federal highway administration estimates that repairing them would cost $ 76 billion .
13 , 1973 , and was walking to his car when he said he heard a loud popping noise at wisconsin and 23rd streets . donovan correctional facility in san diego . seven men were arrested , but only cooks , green , moore and simons were charged . the body of j.c.x . the fruit of islam was the security arm of the nation of islam . police , acting on a tip by an informant , eventually raided an apartment complex at 844 grove st. one of the survivors was future mayor art agnos , who was then a 35-year-old social worker .
kardashian . the brilliance of their marketing is that they each appeal to a different demographic of consumer.the kardashian klan ( had to do that ) is utilizing some skillful product differentiation to appeal to various groups of women . she ' s single and she hates it . kourtney and khloé kardashian also figure in the top seven . sorry kris ! every time scott pops a collar , throws a tantrum and comes home at 4am , frustrated girlfriends everywhere give kourt a virtual high five ... kardashian with entrepreneurship , far more so than other celebrities .
people who sleep for more than eight hours a day have an increased risk of stroke , according to a study by the university of cambridge - and this risk doubles for older people who persistently sleep longer than average . among the 9,692 volunteers , 346 suffered at least one stroke during the years they were tracked ( including 67 strokes that were fatal ) . the findings may help clarify the fuzzy relationship between sleep and stroke . story_separator_special_tag there ’ s no way to diagnose a stroke before it happens , but researchers say they ’ ve identified a clue to help doctors predict who ’ s at risk – the amount of sleep they get at night .
wolfe ’ s ouster , and much of the faculty sent word to students that classes were canceled for story_separator_special_tag on the campus of the university of missouri , graduate student jonathan butler has been starving himself in an effort to remove the school ’ s president tim wolfe from his position . ! #thestrugglecontinues #concernedstudent1950 — jb . ” officials said mr. josh earnest , the white house press secretary , praised the protests as showing “that a few people speaking up and speaking out can have a profound impact. “what was starting to become clear was the frustration and anger was evident , and it was something that needed to be done that was immediate and substantial for us to heal , ” mr.
the reason , according to amc , was that it had other shows in its production pipeline . the deal for " mad men " with amc runs for two seasons with the current cast . “that ’ s how long the show is , ” he said . credit : francois durand / getty images earlier this week , mr. in a compromise of sorts , the length of the show may change , but only on television . ” after that public statement , the parties involved apparently made peace pretty quickly . weiner , who was under pressure from amc and lionsgate to trim costs and be open to adding additional commercial breaks to " mad men " said his battle " was always about trying to keep doing the show the way we ' ve done the show .
" he ' s on foot , " anderson said . reinking told officers that taylor swift was stalking him and hacking his phone , and that his family was also involved , according to a report released sunday . we want everybody to be concerned . no charges were filed . ( ap photo/sheila burke ) ( associated press ) nashville , tenn. police credit a quick-thinking customer who wrestled the gun away from the suspect for preventing more loss of life . during the lock-out students will be free to move about the building but no guests or visitors will be allowed to enter the building .
the attack was carried out by a task force consisting of the u.s. aircraft carriers uss essex ( cv-9 ) , uss yorktown ( cv-10 ) , and uss independence ( cvl-22 ) , the battleship uss indiana ( bb-58 ) , two cruisers , and ten destroyers . king are also in attendance . kennedy ' s pt-109 . rawleigh warner . independence was involved in a similar engagement at wake island on 5-6 october . she joined the pacific fleet in june 1943. photo captions : captain george richard fairlamb , jr. scuba in lakes and quarries !
fifteen students and five teachers were killed in wednesday ' s attack on the technical college in kerch . " the point is to find out who was coaching him for this crime , " aksyonov said . read more story_separator_special_tag image copyright afp image caption shocked mourners gathered at a makeshift shrine at the college the deadly gun and bomb attack on a college in crimea " appears to be a result of globalisation " , russian president vladimir putin has said . 18 , 2018. thousands of residents were expected to attend the funerals of most of the victims friday .
i don ' t like you . george ( http://bit.ly/1dgosne ) saturday that he made it clear to city officials before he altered the statue that he wasn ' t bowing to community pressure . it ' s beautiful . " i put it up because it ' s an amazing piece story_separator_special_tag hurricane – the bull sculpture atop barista ’ s restaurant at 460 w. ward told the spectrum newspaper in st. and oh my god ! “when they need to lie , they lie ; and when they don ’ t , they don ’ t ; so , whatever ’ s convenient for them works for them just fine , ” ward said
( associated press ) dennis rodman sings happy birthday to north korean leader kim jong un , seated above in the stands , before an exhibition basketball game with u.s. and north korean players at an indoor stadium in pyongyang , ... on previous visits he spent time dining as a guest of kim , with whom he says he has a genuine friendship . " i think " this was rodman ' s fourth trip to pyongyang . smith and four streetballers . also on the roster were craig hodges , doug christie , charles d. 8 , 2014.
" that ' s his bread and butter , " says mr landis . us treasury department officials have subpoenaed the bank , according to a us official , and received material from them . story_separator_special_tag image copyright reuters image caption andrew brunson ( third right ) denies links to banned groups in turkey the us is increasing pressure on turkey to try to secure the freedom of american pastor andrew brunson . meanwhile the feud continues . mr trump and his aides have amplified their demands and criticised the actions of president recep tayyip erdogan . while the leaders of the two nato allies clash with each other , mr brunson ' s fate hangs in the balance .
crowley and manziel spent time earlier that evening with a group of friends at the zaza hotel in dallas , according to police . ” crowley said that manziel drove her in her vehicle toward fort worth , where she resides . crowley told police manziel " restrained " in some manner and " led " her down a back stairway to the i ’ m safe and secure. 30. the new york jets . crowley was adamant to police that manziel was not intoxicated . after news 8 broke this story thursday afternoon , manziel denied wrongdoing in a published report .
“that ' s not the person that i know , " she said about the negative portrayals of her mom . “you have sacrificed nothing , ” mr. “and i couldn ' t imagine a better president for them . related : chelsea clinton welcomes baby no . ” total unity has been elusive , and could remain so . trump ? sanders . m. khan , was killed in iraq . ” related : donald trump calls on russia to hack hillary clinton ' s emails republican nominee donald trump has taken to calling clinton “crooked hillary , ” and last week delegates at his party ' s convention frequently broke into chants of “lock her up.
from the beginning americares first responded to the outbreak in april of 2014 , with a focus on protecting health workers , expanding ebola treatment capacity and restoring and improving health services . donate here wfp has launched a regional emergency operation which will provide food assistance to around 1.3 million people in the three most affected countries : guinea , liberia and sierra leone . to date our bong county ebola treatment unit ( etu ) in liberia has discharged 78 survivors . but when her district became a quarantined zone , transport restrictions meant she could no longer get supplies for her market stall .
“i don ’ t see how story_separator_special_tag " as i watch the footage now , it ' s like i ' m not watching myself . photo : getty images she was detained for questioning by police on thursday and later released . the prague talks were held in anticipation of a meeting on monday of european interior ministers to discuss the juncker proposals , and there were indications on friday that heads of state and government might have to hold a summit meeting if no progress is made then . " you are a disgrace to your profession , " was the typical sentiment from one user .
we ' re just hoping kaling ' s cryptic message is a hint that all is not lost ! crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . the actress , writer and producer beams a huge smile at the lens , and then winks mischievously at fans . photos : tragic tv deaths clearly , there was a lot happening in l.a. shortly after fox ' s announcement , another report surfaced , this time from variety , that hulu was in talks to save the much-loved show . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
rex . but how it evolved has long been a mystery , because of a gap in the fossil record that began 100 million years ago . rex in its niche as an apex predator . tyrannosaurs had to get smart before they got big . “it looks like the allosaurs go out and tyrannosaurs opportunistically take over , ” says brusatte . rex , suggesting it did not grow to the same enormous size . rex and albertosaurus , which could weigh more than seven tonnes . ct scans ct scans revealed that timurlengia ’ s brain was large for a dinosaur and that it had structures in the inner ear used for balancing and for hearing low-frequency sounds .
( photo : ap ) story highlights the national highway traffic safety administration has opened a probe into tesla ' s model s the probe of the electric car results from reports of battery fires tesla ceo elon musk says he stands behind the car , but has ordered changes the national highway traffic safety administration said today it has opened a formal investigation into the safety of the tesla model s electric car following two reports of battery fires after striking roadway debris . this was unfortunately almost entirely ignored . 30. [ updated 8 : 55 a.m. pst , nov.
( associated press ) luxembourg ( ap ) — the obama administration would entertain an extradition request for the u.s.-based cleric that turkey ' s president is blaming for a failed coup attempt , u.s. secretary of state john kerry said saturday . another friend lost his hand , cagri said , his own shrapnel wounds in his chest and leg , bandaged . unarmed civilians carrying cell phones confronted tanks and military vehicles as clashes broke out throughout the country . lavrov and other russian officials have called on their countrymen in turkey to stay indoors ... at least 265 people were killed .
it was mysterious . he admitted that the video looks " really cool " but the reality is " not that exciting . ? it ' s a quiet #halloween morning in front of the blm office on the chena river in fairbanks . people and fox news picked it up . it was ... why the new health-care bill may keep affordable care out of reach for some throughout history , random appearances of seemingly odd and unusual sights have led to the creation and propagation of stories of paranormal activities , extraterrestrial visitations , and the existence of fantastic mythological creatures .
add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . advertisement advertisement “the hearts of everyone at wheel of fortune go out to the family , friends &amp; fans of paul walker , ” read one message from the verified “wheel of fortune ” twitter account . queres tentalo de novo ? both men were killed in the crash . incluír o chío pai incluír multimedia ao inserires contido de twitter no teu sitio web ou na túa aplicación , aceptas o acordo de programadores e a normativa de programadores .
“fsis is changing its guidance to recommend the use of ‘best if used by ’ because research shows that this phrase is easily understood by consumers as an indicator of quality. since 2009 , usda has launched new and ongoing initiatives to reduce food waste . ( to sign up for a free subscription to food safety news , click here. ” the usda estimates that 30 percent of food is lost or wasted at the retail and consumer level . all comments submitted must include docket number fsis-2016-0044 . s.w. ) © food , 8-163a , mailstop 3782 , washington , dc 20250-3700.
“it ’ s a strange time . of course disney is not alone . movies that don there ’ s not a whole lot that any of us can do about it , ” david lynch , who hasn ’ t directed a feature since 2006 ’ s inland empire , explained over the summer . the stock is trading close to its all-time high of $ 50.65 , for the last nine months earnings per share are up 26 % and expensive growth plans , like the $ 1 billion cars land at disneyland , are proving to have been good bets .
" the famine resulted in a particularly vulnerable time for women in north korea , " says jieun baek , author of north korea ' s hidden revolution . ” kim also mentioned that she worked under a squalid condition where female crew had to “reuse sanitary pads that were already solidified ( with blood ) . because it ' s rice hull , all the odour from sweat and other smells are there . on top of those drawers each kept two framed photographs . a lot of defectors who don ' t want to be in the media are very critical of ' career defectors ' .
( associated press ) the u.s. fish and wildlife service announced tuesday that it was proposing that the oregon chub was recovered , 21 years after it went on the endangered species list . by 1992 , there were only 1,000 fish known in eight locations . this jan. story_separator_special_tag grants pass , ore. " the oregon chub is a small minnow , typically about 3 inches long , with an olive-green back , silvery sides and large scales . oregon chub numbers now exceed 150,000 , in 80 different habitats around the willamette area . " we ' re not saying it won ' t need management , " paul henson , oregon director of fish and wildlife , said in an interview .
what we didn ' t know until this trailer is whether that extra material would be confined to the second movie of the two being released , allowing them to focus on simply telling the story ofhere , or if they ' d somehow weave it in with the other things which are supposed to be happening . middle earth still looks like middle earth . for ancient king and elvish lord there many a gleaming golden hoard they shaped and wrought , and light they caught to hide in gems on hilt of sward . watching bilbo walk through hobbiton is like sitting back down with an old , familiar friend .
thomas last asked a question in court on feb. thomas for years sat directly to scalia ' s right . " ms. " everyone leaned in disbelieving , " said slate ' s dahlia lithwick , who was in the courtroom . thomas has previously said he relies on the written briefs and doesn ' t need to ask questions of the lawyers appearing in court . united states . 13. u.s. vladeck . , a challenge to the federal ban against firearm ownership by convicted domestic abusers . the comments from thomas were directed at a government attorney ilana h.
” the “romantic ” $ 425 package includes 60 minutes in heaven aboard a private plane , champagne , chocolate and a “very discreet pilot , ” according to the company ’ s website . flamingo air now also has a flight school and trains aircraft dispatchers and professional drone operators . but macdonald would not be talked down . sign up for breaking news emails privacy policy thanks for subscribing ! business seems good . as many as eight of the fornication flights have been booked in a single day , co-owner sharon mcgee said . flamingo air originally offered regional charter service , but when those flights became uneconomical , macdonald switched to offering sightseeing tours and romantic flights .
the 125-million-year-old feathered dinosaur , named changyuraptor yangi , sported feathers over its body , including its arms and legs , which made it look as if it had two pairs of wings . " animals like changyuraptor were probably not engaged in powered flight like modern birds . " changyuraptor is very , very similar to archaeopteryx and other primitive birds . " [ image gallery : dinosaur fossils ] the researchers estimate 4-foot-long ( 1.2 meter ) changyuraptor weighed about 9 lbs . originally published on live science . all rights reserved . but they have some traits that birds lack , and lack some traits that birds have , " turner added .
the letter , which is available in full here , offers a detailed plan , proposing that carb “release vw from its obligation to fix diesel cars already on the road in california ; ” direct vw instead to “accelerate greatly its rollout of zero emission vehicles ; ” and to require that vw invest in r&d or new plants “in the amounts that they otherwise would have been fined , ” with the share of fine dollars that would have gone to california being used for investment specifically in california . unlike vehicles powered by gas ...
but in a shocking turn of events , thomson denies that he did anything wrong , and in fact claims that he threw himself in front of the real sandwich thrower in order to protect the pm from near-certain breading . the whole thing started wednesday when gillard paid a visit to a brisbane high school for a routine photo op . ‘‘i mean i ’ m sure she ’ s had more than a sandwich thrown at her throughout her life. naturally , the conflicting stories got conspiracy theorists roiling online , with aussies posting their own thoughts , hypotheses , and jokes to the riveting #sandwichgate hashtag .
next year , fbi personnel will provide training for law enforcement officers on how to identify bias-motivated incidents and report that data to the fbi ’ s ucr program . according to the report , the most common bias categories in single-bias incidents were race/ethnicity/ancestry ( 59.6 ) percent , religion ( 20.6 percent ) , and sexual orientation ( 15.8 percent ) . law enforcement reported 7,175 hate crimes to ucr in 2017 , up from 6,121 in 2016. it also allows law enforcement agencies to develop data-focused strategies and preventative measures . although the numbers increased last year , so did the number of law enforcement agencies reporting hate crime data — with approximately 1,000 additional agencies contributing information .
please be assured that work is continuing and is aimed at finding mh370 as quickly as possible . joint agency coordination centre mh370 operational search update 11 january 2017 this operational report has been developed to provide regular updates on the progress of the search effort for mh370 . replay more videos ... fugro equator is completing its final swing and gathering sonar data in areas that haven ’ t previously been completed . should credible new information emerge that can be used to identify the specific location of the aircraft , consideration will be given to determining next steps .
two game farms in limpopo province are being targeted after the government offered the owners one-tenth of the asking price . a 2017 government audit found white people owned 72 per cent of private farmland in south africa . steenkamp told newsweek that the decision was delivered on very short notice during a long weekend of south african public holidays in march . mokono said this was not a case of expropriation without compensation , but the courts would have to decide on what " just and equitable " compensation is . a record 400 farmers attacked in 2017 , between one or two murdered a week .
a colorado first grader was suspended because he pointed his finger in a manner which exhibited a “gun shape ” and said , “you ’ re dead ” to a stratton meadows elementary school classmate . we let him know that the guns in the wrong hands will be very dangerous . [ image via : shutterstock.com ] story_separator_special_tag a virginia couple has filed a lawsuit against their son ’ s school , the school resource officer , and the bedford county sheriff ’ s office after their 11-year-old son was kicked out of school for bringing a plant — that wasn ’ t pot — to school , the roanoke times is reporting .
hanks claims in his lawsuit , however , that palin had bought a new house in alaska in july 2011 , and that she had defamed him by publicly blaming their encounter for her decision to leave los angeles . he ' s asking for unspecified damages.calls to bristol have not been returned . hanks says he never signed a waiver ... " he has communicated with a&e ; regarding use of the footage , and they were non-responsive . golan ) nbcuniversal is controlled by comcast corp. bristol palin sued by bar heckler breaking news he toldher mother was " evil " and a " whore " ...
1 , 2015 file photo , host bill o ' reilly of " the o ' reilly factor " on the fox news channel , poses for photos in the set in new york . but according to four network sources , there ’ s talk inside fox news that tonight ’ s show could be his last . [ image via screengrab ] — — follow joe depaolo ( @joe_depaolo ) on twitter have a tip we should know ? a fox news spokesperson confirmed o ’ reilly will return on april 24. the murdochs are presently divided over how to handle it .
story_separator_special_tag image caption the bodh gaya temple complex is one of the oldest in india a series of blasts has shaken india ' s holiest buddhist shrine , where the buddha himself is said to have gained enlightenment , police have said . bhardwaj . it was listed as a world heritage site by the un cultural organisation unesco in 2002. there are currently some 376 million followers of buddhism worldwide . the temple itself was not damaged . prime minister manmohan singh strongly condemned the blasts , saying : " such attacks on religious places will be never be tolerated .
israel said about 50 rockets were launched from gaza on tuesday , but there were no injuries reported . story_separator_special_tag jerusalem ( ap ) — the israeli military says it has carried out a series of airstrikes across the gaza strip in response to renewed rocket fire . “my approach would be not to go for any agreement with hamas , because any agreement would give them something , and that ’ s a mistake , ” said dan meridor , a former israeli minister who served in several governments . the prospect of a negotiated and lasting peace had seemed distant from the start of the cairo talks as each side set bottom-line goals that the other rejected .
nato is “well ahead ” of the eln ’ s recommendations , she said . we do not suggest that the leadership of either side has made a decision to go to war or that a military conflict between the two is inevitable , but that the changed profile of exercises is a fact and it does play a role in sustaining the current climate of tensions in europe . airborne troops land on russia ’ s arctic islands . naval aviation units conduct night training . the authorities in moscow have announced more than 4,000 drills this year , more than 10-fold nato ’ s plans , and russian exercises have also involved nuclear and nuclear-capable forces , according to romero .
" " that whole #emmys montage celebrating shows that have ended was just a series of spoilers for anyone who hasn ' t finished any of those shows , " wrote user ashley renee . " welcome back to the spoiler awards . " they probably would ' ve at least liked the chance to watch them , though . jeez . more stories from the 2015 emmys : andy samberg ' s top ten jokes from the emmys opening monologue five things you should know about ' olive kitterige ' after big emmy wins emmys ' 2015 big winners are ' game of thrones , ' jon hamm and viola davis ; tracy morgan makes emotional appearance
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . " trump ’ s instincts on the alabama race proved to be correct . he lost the gop primary to moore . luther strange would have won in a landslide ... ) , once a loud critic of the president ' s who has more recently become a golf partner and cheerleader of trump ' s , echoed the president ' s monday-morning-quarterbacking with a post to his own twitter account , bashing former white house chief strategist steve bannon , who loudly backed moore ' s campaign .
there is no general threat to large events in germany , and that ' s true for hanover as well , he said . the hamburg-based media outlet described cuspert as a “leading member of isis ” . citing police sources , the agency said one of the suspects had a hand-drawn picture of a planned route from turkey to germany , via greece , serbia and hungary . read back on all the day ' s security developments here . 17.35 - rapper deso dogg likely still alive in syria berlin-born rapper deso dogg - real name denis cuspert - is probably still alive , reports spiegel , after the us pentagon claimed to have killed him in an attack on isis stronghold raqqa in october .
the bottle was from bernasconi ’ s father ’ s collection , and the bar never intended to actually open it . a hotel guest was left with a nasty taste after spending up on a counterfeit single malt . moritz , switzerland . but analysis found that it was almost certainly not distilled before 1970. " i ' ve done some research and talked story_separator_special_tag media playback is unsupported on your device media caption the dram was bought for £ 7,600 a dram of vintage scotch bought by a chinese millionaire in a swiss hotel bar for £ 7,600 was a fake , laboratory tests have concluded .
the japanese and south korean foreign ministers , announcing the agreement in seoul , said each side considered it a “final and irreversible resolution ” of the issue . later japanese prime minister shinzo abe phoned south korean president park geun-hye to repeat an apology already offered by mr kishida . only 46 former " comfort women " are still alive in south korea . " it is estimated that up to 200,000 women were forced to be sex slaves for japanese soldiers during ww2 , many of them korean . story_separator_special_tag image copyright afp image caption activists for comfort women erected a statue of a girl which they call a ' peace monument ' outside the japanese embassy in seoul in 2011 japan and south korea have agreed to settle the issue of " comfort women " forced to work in japanese brothels during world war two , in their first such deal since 1965.
" while approval of the bankruptcy court is needed before hostess can start selling its assets in liquidation , the company said production at all of its bakeries stopped effective friday , and that stores will no longer receive products from hostess brands after the final round of deliveries of products that were made thursday night . 1 bread baker . related : hostess workers face tough job market " it ' s been a very sad day , " rayburn told cnn . the teamsters union , which represents 6,700 hostess workers , issued a statement blaming mismanagement by hostess executives for the company ' s problems .
about 10,000 people from myanmar fled across the border into thailand on monday to escape fighting between myanmar government forces and a splinter group of rebels of the democratic karen buddhist army , military and border officials told cnn . ban ki-moon , the un secretary-general , said voting conditions had been " insufficiently lt. col. gen. ' foul play ' myanmar , also known as burma , drew international criticism over sunday ' s vote with barack obama , the us president , saying the election was stolen . the thailand-burma friendship bridge connects the two towns .
equifax told the committee they had information as specific as : whether a consumer purchased a particular soft drink or shampoo product in the last six months whether they use laxatives or yeast infection products how many ob/gyn doctor visits they ' ve had within the last 12 months how many miles they traveled in the last 4 weeks the number of whiskey drinks they consumed in the past 30 days . " that is not something that dma supports . this is where lawmakers can work to remove unsafe , unfair and overall just deplorable lists from circulation .
in saturday ' s interview , the president reiterated the criticisms he made in brussels . trump ' s comments to a british tabloid that her approach had likely " killed " any chance of a new trade deal with the u.s. once brexit is complete . some highlights : ► on roe v. " it ’ s good to see you , piers , " he said . ( mr. wade , the 45-year-old decision legalizing abortion . ' s departure from the bloc . " i respect the leaders of those countries . trump took a hard line toward member nations for failing to meet targeted defense spending goals .
( photo : javed tanveer , afp/getty images ) story highlights without a security agreement , all u.s. troops will be withdrawn by end of the year obama has instructed the pentagon to make contingency plans karzai has said his successor should decide after spring elections washington — with no sign of a deal for a post-2014 security agreement with afghanistan on the horizon , president obama on tuesday offered a blunt warning to afghanistan president hamid karzai that time is running out to forge a deal to keep u.s. troops beyond the end of the year . 31.
two alaskan-based f-22 fighter jets and two canadian cf-18 fighter jets were scrambled to intercept the russian planes in two separate incidents on wednesday evening and thursday morning . those russian planes came within about 40 nautical miles of the canadian coastline , he said . read more story_separator_special_tag colorado springs , colo. lt. col. the united states promised ukraine $ 46 million in nonlethal aid for its battle with pro-russian militants . they entered what is known as the air defence identification zone ( adiz ) , but did not enter us air space . " in the past five years , jets under norad ' s command have intercepted more than 50 russian bombers approaching north american airspace .
kirby said that the pentagon had spent $ 300,000 a year on the body language study . putin in 2008 and 2012. president barack obama has engaged in two tense phone calls with putin in recent days , and yet the crisis in the ukraine has only escalated . the movements of russia ' s leader and others are scrutinized to gain insights into their decision-making . adm. — jim miklaszewski and courtney kube julian stratenschulte / epa russian ( ap photo/yuri kadobnov , pool ) associated press defense secretary chuck hagel has not read the military ’ s studies of vladimir putin ’ s body language , the pentagon insisted friday .
he was doing his job , and i had made a mistake in trying to hurry home to get started moving that lead to our path ’ s crossing . greg barnes jr. ” it wasn ’ t just the photo , barnes posted a message : we can continue to fight against each other until we are literally ‘black and blue ’ , or we can show one another the respect we inherently deserve , not as ‘black man ’ and ‘blue police officer , ’ but as humans. none greater , none less .
after only 10 months of living conjoined , a team of doctors at texas children ' s hospital successfully separated the girls during a 26-hour surgery feb. lastly as the girls surgery is coming up , it is now time for the family to start preparing to bring the girls home . he said yes we think you have twins . she was 19 weeks pregnant . 17. among the surgical subspecialties involved were pediatric surgery , plastic surgery , cardiovascular surgery , urology , liver transplant surgery , orthopedic surgery and pediatric gynecology . " here ' s one head , here ' s the other head , " she said the doctor told her .
: http://clicktotweet.com/ifb56 links : http://www.stargroves.com/ http://www.facebook.com/stargrovesband https://twitter.com/stargrovesband http://www.youtube.com/stargrovesmusic http://noisetrade.com/stargroves http://stargroves.fanbridge.com/ http://web.stagram.com/n/stargroves words and music by teddy watson produced at threshold recording studios by jeremy sklarsky mastered by fred kevorkian teddy watson - vocals , banjo guitar abigail breslin - vocals enrico de trizio - piano , keyboard , synth charlie rauh - electric guitar bryan percivall - bass andrea belfiore - drums copyright 2012 lyrics all the trolls in the highlands wake up singing out of time putting on their costume makeup in the pale moonlight and your painted grimaces all look so heavenly tonight it just seems obvious the carnival is calling us away but you don ' t know what the people say is it me or doesn ' t it all sound the same you don ' t look back again ' cause the road is dark and this place is happening the paint is bright enough to fade it all away the townsfolk fall for us they take us in and we rob them every day we hide away all the coins we save and pretty soon we ' ll all go far far away you don ' t look back again ' cause the road is dark and this place is happening the paint is bright enough to fade it all away all your sons are well and able dreaming on their bedtime fables lilac in your jacket pockets chase us off like bottle rockets i can hear the storm what ' s a little rain to someone born on the boundary lines i want to know what you ' re gonna say when the morning fades your hysterics away all the trolls in the highlands wake up singing out of time putting on their costume makeup in the pale moonlight all the westfjord paupers say don ' t ever make a sound picking up their horns as they go no you can ' t push me around banks are calling us away i can ' t stay , i can ' t stay sons are waving out to sea tears on me , tears on me banks are calling us away i can ' t stay , i can ' t stay sons are waving out to sea tears on me , tears on me hags are burning up inside serves you right , serves you right elves are hiding underground weirds me out , weirds me out hags are burning up inside serves you right , serves you right elves are hiding underground weirds me out , weirds me out story_separator_special_tag wowed fans with her dance moves in little miss sunshine , and now she ’ s exploring her musical roots .
" i can kind of got obsessed with that for a while . michelle williams still struggling with the meaning of heath ledger ' s death email this in which isn ' t to say the empty void left behind has been filled ; when asked in her " i ' ve found meanings around the circumstance but the actual event doesn ' t have it , i can ' t find it , " williams says . " creatively . that ' s just my face . " no , we ' re professionals . flowing in every day , these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period .
they essentially found that where a species is on evolutionary tree of life tells a lot about how violent the species is to its own kind . ” the question of human violence has puzzled thinkers for centuries , from thomas hobbes in the 17th century , to contemporary psychologists such as jared diamond and steven pinker , the johnstone professor of psychology at harvard university and author of the better angels of our nature . but we ' ve gotten less murderous . ( associated press ) file - in this sept. that means that based on other rather murderous species closely related to us , humans have " inherited their propensity for violence .
a yahoo ! if you ’ re like me , you want a yahoo ! id ? in a tumblr post , the company announced that on july 15 , it will be “freeing up ” yahoo email addresses that have been inactive for a year or more . it ’ s easy . story_separator_special_tag by jay rossiter , svp , platforms over the last few months , we ’ ve made exciting changes to some of your favorite yahoo ! community ! wired has reached out to yahoo for comment . to discover which one they got .
clinton ' s third quarter fundraising brings her total haul to $ 75 million , aides said . he is the first candidate of the 2016 campaign to announce it had reached this number – and he reached it faster than president barack obama did in 2008 and 2012. clinton ’ s operation raised more than $ 28 million in the third quarter after a grueling fundraising schedule , compared with about $ 26 million for the vermonter — who raised his money largely from online donations , and few in-person fundraising events . while considerably less than her first haul , clinton ' s $ 28 million figure doesn ’ t come as a huge surprise to her team .
story_separator_special_tag story highlights hendrix , a 6-year-old dog , was put on the wrong flight in newark , united airlines says the dog was supposed to fly to phoenix and ended up instead in shannon , ireland united ' s staff walked and fed the dog until he was reunited with his owner , the airline says it was dog , gone . " that ' s not what they said . " grant added . " i wasn ' t even looking for a refund . " meredith ' s father joe felt helpless for his family during the ordeal .
it is , indeed , a microwave there is an alexa button on the microwave , and it does two things : it turns on the microphone on one of your echo speakers so you don ’ t have to use the “alexa ” wake word , and , more importantly , it sends a signal so that whatever you ’ re about to say will be in the context of controlling the microwave . the ... follow all the latest news from amazon ' s alexa event here ! it got hot . instead , it ’ s a $ 59.99 device meant to showcase amazon ’ s new system for companies to make their regular gadgets into smart gadgets .
" the board the resignation of its executive chairman and chief executive , sam haskell , who was suspended from the organization friday as he was put under investigation , will be effective immediately , according to a statement from interim chairman dan meyers . but emails tell a different story about his thoughts on the women competing in his pageants . ” does that work for you ? ( photo : thomas p. bahahaha. the organization said its board of directors accepted randle ' s resignation saturday " in light of recent events and new developments .
that god creates life , " mourdock said . that ' s sick . ( associated press ) supporters of republican richard mourdock , candidate for indiana ' s u.s. senate seat , cheer outside the site of a debate between mourdock , democrat joe donnelly and libertarian andrew horning in new albany , ... that ' s not even close to what i said . " are you trying to suggest that somehow i think that god pre-ordained rape ? but they could prove problematic . 6 election . twisted . " gov . i believe that as wholly and as fully as i can believe it .
a new study quantifies some of those fears : at least 100,000 texas women — and as many as 240,000 — between the ages of 18 and 49 have attempted to self-induce abortions , according to a report released today by the texas policy evaluation project ( txpep ) . looking for news you can trust ? “but that ’ s exactly what ’ s been happening . subscribe to our free newsletters . overall , 1.7 percent of respondents said they had tried to self-induce an abortion , while 4.1 percent of women said they knew or suspected their best friend had done so .
" de sousa says she ' s waiting to hear when she will be taken to italy , where she faces a four-year sentence , " mary louise reports . “sabrina and the others who were convicted are scapegoats . de sousa , who was working undercover for the cia in italy at the time of abu omar ' s kidnapping , denies personal involvement in the abduction . bush – era counterterrorism operation . salisbury/mct via getty images barbara l. " de sousa has battled her conviction through lawyers 11 , 2001 , attacks . the us administration sacrificed them .
soper says she and her husband had thought it would be " neat " if their third child was born on 10-10-10 but because her due date wasn ' t until nov. pregnancy and childbirth both do a number on the body -- especially the uterus , your baby ' s house for the next nine months . image via spectrum health one set of assumptions gives a chance of about 1 in 50 million . it is now late 2010. 4 , it seemed unlikely . it takes a minimum of six weeks after delivery to return to its normal size , but it still needs time to recover to again be a hospitable home for a fetus .
microsoft released a security update in 2009 for microsoft office for mac users that will take care of another recent crop of malware . " check out technolog , gadgetbox , digital life and in-game on facebook , and on twitter , follow suzanne choney . both sophos security and kaspersky lab warned users about sabpab . as a decoy , a word document is dumped onto your drive and displayed -- effectively acting as a camouflage for the trojan ' s true intentions . in some cases , manual removal of sabpab may be needed . perhaps having grown tired of owning windows machines around the world for the last few years , attackers in china now have taken up the challenge of going after macs with the same kind of targeted attack tactics that have served them so well in the windows world .
by radar staff a dangerous man who claimed he was miley cyrus‘ husband and was armed with a pair of scissors was arrested early saturday morning at the singer‘s studio city home . related stories : photos : stars who have been stalked photos : miley lets it all hang out in los angeles moon over miley ! i am . she ’ s my wife . rivera is heard telling police he is carrying scissors and when he did not immediately comply with their orders , they used a taser gun on him . cops responded to a 911 call from miley ' s l.a. home , not placed by the singer .
the previous record for any photography sold at auction was cindy sherman ' s " untitled , " which fetched $ 3.8 million at christie ' s in may . gursky is known for his large , disorienting landscapes . four are in major museums , including the museum of modern art in new york and the tate modern in london . ) advertisement ( click prev or next to continue viewing images. story_separator_special_tag they say a picture is worth a thousand words ; this tuesday a picture was worth $ 4.3 million , making it the most expensive photograph in the world .
" two agencies manipulating reports on the same day story_separator_special_tag attorney general bill schuette on friday charged six more state employees with felonies for their alleged role in flint ' s water contamination . junfu han , detroit free press 1 of 62 flint water crisis who is facing involuntary manslaughter charges in the flint water crisis ? with him are chief investigator , fbi special agent andy arena , center , and genesee county prosecutor david leyton , left . here ’ s what he had to say . ( photo : john m. perry iii . shekter smith was charged with misconduct in office and willful neglect of duty .
“it was april fools ’ day , and it was completely implausible . ” romney said , save for a handful of aides . ” burman continued with romney saying : “i don ’ t want to wait until 2020 to get my party back . ” romney could hear applause , and when his intro music , kid rock ’ s “born free , ” blared from the speakers , he and sen. we ’ re gonna remember this. ronald h. former massachusetts gov . ( jae c. the republican presidential front-runner was all set to deliver a stump speech at a pancake breakfast in milwaukee .
pain intensity was significantly better in the nonopioid group over 12 months ( overall p = .03 ) ; mean 12-month bpi severity was 4.0 for the opioid group and 3.5 for the nonopioid group ( difference , 0.5 [ 95 % ci , 0.0 to 1.0 ] ) . erin krebs of the minneapolis va health care system and the university of minnesota . each intervention had its own prescribing strategy that included multiple medication options in 3 steps . but they aren ’ t addictive . participants were 58 years old on average and most were men .
28 as he collected his morning newspaper from a box on the road in front of his home . emma jean tikalsky , who was married to joe tikalsky for 54 years , said monday was the first time she and her children met with the driver who hit her husband . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . russo will also pay a $ 3,000 fine that the family wants used to raise awareness against distracted driving . story_separator_special_tag calling for wholesale change in societal views on the public health epidemic of distracted driving , a le sueur county judge sentenced a new prague woman to community service , probation and four days in jail in the death a year ago of a 79-year-old school bus driver .
the nature conservation organisation wwf says on its website : " as cuddly as they may look , a panda can protect itself as well as most other bears , " using its heavy weight , strong jaw muscles and large molar teeth . the panda that attacked the villager . all of a sudden , the panda got hold of his leg before he had time to respond . beijing ( afp ) - a chinese man who sued local government officials over an attack by a wild panda has won more than $ 80,000 in compensation , his lawyer said monday .
the president said that syrian president bashar al-assad ' s regime alleged use of chemical weapons would factor into his calculation and he warned that the assad should be held accountable . " if you deem that military action in syria is necessary , congress can reconvene at your request . 21 chemical weapons attack near damascus . " no previous page next story_separator_special_tag by : news desk president barack obama said he had not yet made his decision regarding a u.s. strike on syria during an interview with pbs newshour senior correspondents judy woodruff and gwen ifill . says in the white house press briefing earlier tuesday , white house spokesman jay carney said the united states must respond to the use of chemical weapons in syria because " allowing the use of chemical weapons on a significant scale to take place without a response would represent a significant challenge or threat to the united states ' security interests .
it ’ s daimler ag ’ s latest extension of the top-of-the-line maybach marque that it resurrected amid surging demand for higher-end models . therefore , humanity needed a long-wheelbase version with an electric soft-top and a twin-turbo v12 . the mercedes-maybach g650 landaulet in geneva on march 8. well , after the maybach 57 and 62 were both killed off in 2012 , mercedes gave it another go , bringing the name back in 2015 as a sub-brand positioned above the top of the mercedes range . all that pampering won ’ t come cheap , though .
” stone said he ’ s aware that he ’ s under investigation by the fbi , but that he has not spoken to the bureau . story_separator_special_tag ( cnn ) in the final months of the 2016 campaign , longtime donald trump associate roger stone repeatedly discussed his backchannel communications with wikileaks founder julian assange and claimed knowledge of forthcoming leaks from the group , a cnn kfile review of his public statements shows . u.s. officials have said they believe guccifer 2.0 is linked to russia . chic . 20 said that wiretapped information on trump aides was being used in an inquiry , ” stone said , after
who ’ s your sexiest man alive ? it ' s a good day to be ryan reynolds . " for more of his interview and photos of reynolds – including more than 100 sexy men – pick up this week ’ s issue of people on newsstands friday story_separator_special_tag people magazine ’ s “sexiest man alive ” issue is out this week and this year ’ s top honor goes to “green lantern ” star ryan reynolds . " when i stop training , i turn into a skin-colored whisper . mr. " we doubt that .
cbs news ' lara logan assaulted during egypt protests cbs news chief foreign correspondent separated from her crew and brutally assaulted on day mubarak stepped down ( cbsnews ) on friday , feb. " she was saved by a group of women and an estimated 20 egyptian soldiers , the network said . 30 , according to the committee to protect journalists . one witness saw a woman slap a man after he touched her . other troops stayed at their posts , watching in awe . she is currently home recovering . it was a mob of more than 200 people whipped into frenzy .
in the 1960s , if you or your company could afford to fly you somewhere , you ’ d first have to go to a travel agent or airline ticket desk . and it ’ s not only that one route . most of us — the 930 million passengers who flew out of a u.s. airport last year — think flying has never been worse . at this point , basic supply and demand principles kicked in . seats keep getting smaller and closer together ; seat cushions are getting thinner . “flying sucks , period. how can flying be both the best and the worst it ’ s ever been ?
“phife and tribe were the soundtrack of my youth , ” arum told buzzfeed of his inspired tribute . " “track record ' s longer than a dc-20 aircraft ” “do that , do that , do do that that that ” “tell your mother , tell your father , send a telegram ” “one for the treble , two for the bass , you know the style ” and to further celebrate phife dawg and a tribe called quest , check out the band ' s beats , rhymes , and life doc .
image caption the convoy carrying un chemical weapons inspectors to the sites was targeted by snipers diplomatic pressure on syria has failed and the uk is considering its response to a suspected chemical attack , foreign secretary william hague says . file- this aug. 25 , 2013. " kerry said obama was consulting with allies before he decides on how to respond . hundreds died in alleged attacks on wednesday in five districts near damascus . the team had a " very productive " day and will continue its work tuesday after examining its findings monday evening , u.n. spokesman farhan haq said in new york .
the new software would let police quickly identify neo-nazi rock music , which officials regard as a " gateway drug " into the far-right youth scene . they include traditional nazi marching songs as well as more recent songs by bands such as hate society , zyklon b or the british group skrewdriver . the indexing imposes restrictions on sales and forbids them from being made accessible to people aged under 18. for example , lawyers need to determine whether the automatic identification of music being played in a hall would constitute acoustic surveillance . it has the advantage of " sparing resources and enabling very quick investigations , " said an internal government assessment .
" he asked . mexico ’ s foreign ministry and u.s. embassy also do not know the dog ’ s whereabouts . the mother of " affluenza " fugitive ethan couch told a judge in los angeles tuesday that she does not want to fight extradition . he remained in a mexican detention center after taking legal action to delay his deportation to the united states . i fully expect four people were killed and two were left with severe injuries . but he said the paperwork has been finalized . 28. california . sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access .
” he added : “north korea is not a victim , they are terrorists . ” warmbier was arrested in january 2016 at the end of a brief tourist visit to the isolated country . he was deaf . story_separator_special_tag the first time otto warmbier ' s parents saw their son after he was flown back from north korea in june , they were confronted with the sound of inhuman howling so terrifying otto ' s mom ran off the plane . “we weren ’ t really certain what it was. north korea denied that warmbier had been tortured and tried to cast his death as a “mystery.
one message “called the hypothetical hanging of a mexican child ‘piñata time ’ ” while other messages quipped that “abusing children was sexually arousing , ” according to images of the chat described by the crimson . university officials have previously said that harvard ’ s decision to rescind a student ’ s offer is final . , which includes the u.s. capitol , capitol visitor center , senate office buildings , house office buildings , supreme court , library of congress , u.s. botanic garden and capitol grounds . “someone posted about starting a chat for people who liked memes.
" and tonight was the way i wanted to address it . " in honor of his popularity in germany , hasselhoff entered the roast surrounded by dancing german beer girls while performing " hooked on a feeling . " he ' s multi-lingual , " macfarlane said . it ' ll be interesting to see how comedy central handles all the night ' s dirty cuss-filled zingers when the roast airs on august 15. " i ' ve been waiting for a forum to talk about where i ' m at , " hasselhoff said backstage at the event .
stiff regional competition has led the company to post losses for several years - and in a statement , the airline pledged to " stop the bleeding " in its finances by the end of 2015 , in the hope it will return to growth by 2017. he has previously had senior roles at ireland ' s aer lingus , belgium ' s sabena and germany ' s lufthansa airlines . " video : 2014 : can malaysia airlines endure ? " we are technically bankrupt ... however , a " profitable " twice-daily service from london heathrow to kuala lumpur is set to continue .
" disney christopher robin ( ewan mcgregor ) with his long time friend winnie the pooh in disney ’ s live-action adventure " christopher robin . ” it ’ s a movie every bit as messy as its “hunny ” -craving bear , though only somewhat as lovable . they have accepted that christopher has grown up and moved on to london . h. shepard . barrie . so why does pooh , a figment of christopher ’ s young imagination , return to him after all these years ? compared to his stuffed playthings , christopher robin is the least memorable character in the hundred acre wood-set tales penned by a.a. milne and illustrated by e.
late last year , the education department clarified that students in juvenile justice facilities that aren ’ t federal or state institutions are eligible for pell grants . “a lot of my friends here in washington have been talking about the need for debt-free degrees . the plan , set to be unveiled friday by the secretary of education and the attorney general , would allow potentially thousands of inmates in the u.s. to gain access to pell grants , the main form of federal aid for low-income ... the move could come as soon as this week .
( korea pool/afp/getty images ) north and south korea have agreed to hold another round of high-level talks after a top-level northern delegation , including the men thought to be second and third in command behind kim jong un , paid a surprise visit to the south on saturday . interested in ? “it ’ s a big deal , it ’ s really a big deal , because it ’ s completely unprecedented , ” said andrei lankov , a north korea scholar who studied in pyongyang and now teaches in seoul . unification ministry spokesman lim byeong cheol told reporters that there were no plans for the north koreans to meet with president park .
" clapper said , " exactly . ( associated press ) washington ( ap ) — former director of national intelligence james clapper on sunday described a u.s. government " under assault " after president donald trump ' s controversial decision to fire fbi director james comey , as lawmakers urged the president to select a new fbi director free of any political stigma . , saturday , may 13 , 2017. " virginia sen. mark warner mark warnerelection hacking fears turn heat on homeland security are democrats trying to pin the blame for their own sins on russia ?
this is suburbicon . rose ( moore ) , the wife of square businessman gardner lodge ( damon ) , is murdered in a terrifying home invasion . but there ' s a catch and it is skin deep . " suburbicon " fundamentally fails in asking its audience to do two wildly different things at the same time . it just doesn ' t work . it ' s picture perfection with diversity by way of white families from ohio and mississippi . let ’ s take a moment first to count our blessings . crowds start to gather outside of the meyers house until it becomes an all-out mob .
who cares that he ' s not french ? as in , french president barack obama . the slogan , of course : " oui on peut , " french for " yes we can . they ' ve launched a website and they put up 500 posters of obama around paris last weekend , said the organizer . [ he ] has the best resume in the world for the job . " it ' s totally crazy , but the cool thing is that once you get past that , you start thinking that maybe it ' s possible .
" " everything must go , " said jones ' publicist , john ross . the sale runs sept. jones has resided in hawaii for the last few years and has decided to open the doors to his mansion and invite the public to peruse a lifetime of collections and household furnishings . , who ' s managing the sale . jones ' house — seven bedrooms , 14 bathrooms , 24,000 square feet — is for sale , too . “this sale will undoubtedly be one of the best estate sales ever conducted – not only in the state of indiana , but the entire country , ” said aether estate sales co.
eric greitens . eric greitens released a new statement about an affair he was involved in and allegations connected to that affair missouri gov.-elect eric greitens , right , and his wife sheena speak to the media as a member of their protection detail stands off to the side tuesday , dec. louis . it came after st. the outrageous claims of improper conduct regarding these almost three-year-ago events are false . story_separator_special_tag jefferson city , mo . " the governor has now seen the tv report that ran tonight . she did not know she was being recorded .
“remember that. ” “they ' ll take away your second amendment , ” trump said . for more than an hour , trump held court , largely eschewing a teleprompter filled with prepared remarks on north korea sanctions and remembrances for billy graham and the victims of the parkland , fla. “it ’ s now his party . ” when trump mentioned democrat hillary clinton , to which trump responded that the clintons have “committed a lot of story_separator_special_tag midterm campaign trump debuts at cpac the president abandoned his talking points in his speech to conservative activists in favor of reviving greatest-hits lines from his campaign .
“now it ’ s being used with fentanyl . here ’ s what is : the inmate , convicted murderer scott dozier , wants to die . that protocol will include doses of midazolam , a controversial sedative deployed in several botched executions , fentanyl , and the paralytic drug cisatracurium . that ’ s not so unusual . on tuesday , just one week and a day before dozier ’ s planned execution , nevada unveiled its new , three-drug execution regimen . “using fentanyl in an execution is particularly strange and confusing because of its place in the opioid epidemic , ” said the legal director of the american civil liberties union in nevada , amy rose .
family , co-workers and fans have to wait for the autopsy and investigation results to find out exactly what killed the story_separator_special_tag cory monteith ' s 11 best glee performances two days before he was found dead , cory monteith enjoyed " a quiet night with a lot of laughing " with one of his first mentors , maureen webb . she is devastated beyond belief. sgt . " i hadn ' t seen him look that good in a long time . he was 31. " we drank the rhubarb lemonade . was extremely friendly and really interested in choppers ...
" cummings was attending college in massachusetts.police say that cummings and his friend were not guests at the hotel . story_separator_special_tag the young daredevil who fell to his death at the four seasons wasn ’ t paying attention as he snapped photos while walking backward on a metal catwalk on the hotel ’ s roof when he stepped off the scaffolding and took a fatal plunge , police sources said . no age or hometown was given . daniel boody said . and i know the medical examiner was up there . " myles ma may be reached at mma@njadvancemedia.com .
photo : factoria singular , getty images image 5 of 23 children should be engaged in age-appropriate educational activities . " check the background of your child ' s day care here a child protective services spokeswoman told the i-team on tuesday that the operator has expressed an interest in getting a license and reopening the operation . allvin also provides red flags to look for when ... the infant , who was rushed to a hospital friday , had pronounced bite marks all over his body , including his eyes , cheeks , legs , stomach and back .
" sedita said he planned this morning to move in city court to dismiss charges against keith d. , 27 , who was treated and released . " the sister of another of the victims said johnson is a family friend . as the crowd was pouring outside , a gunman opened fire with a 9mm handgun , sources said . investigators called me and said , frank , you better come down here . we ' re having serious second thoughts . at about 10 : 50 a.m. " it makes no sense . james robbs jr.
in his guardian interview , snowden denied that his decision to fly to hong kong to make his allegations on nsa intrusion and infringement of american civil liberties was intended as a vote of confidence in chinese human rights . " the 29-year-old worked for computer consultant booz allen hamilton , a contractor for the u.s. electronic intelligence agency . it is a high-stakes gamble . most importantly , hong kong has its own constitution , its basic law , giving it a " high degree of autonomy " on all issues except foreign relations and just before sovereignty over hong kong passed from britain to china in 1997 , the us signed a new extradition treaty with the semi-autonomous territory .
" she goes on to say that an " indescribable blackness followed " the pregnancy and that the loss left her forever changed . davis reveals in a new ... “she was suffering , ” davis wrote . her memoir is being published as she trails in the polls behind abbott , who is favored at a time when democrats haven ' t elected anyone to statewide office in two decades . rick perry next year . the ectopic pregnancy happened in 1994 , and terminating it was considered medically necessary , davis writes . file - in this aug.
i ' m ted frank and i love the chicken sandwiches at chick-fil-a . we promise to send a minimum of 80 % of the proceeds after expenses to it gets better and the williams institute . you can print out the receipt and demonstrate to your friends that the money you gave for lgbt youth more than compensates for the profits you put in chick-fil-a ' s coffers . " update , 4 : 15 p.m. see photos from the chick-fil-a kiss day chick-fil-a kiss day chick-fil-a kiss day 1 of 16 protesters take part in a "
catalonias ' regional parliament passed a motion friday to establish an independent catalan republic . the vote was approved with 70 in favor of independence , 10 against and two blank ballots in catalonia ' s 135-member parliament . ( ap photo/ emilio morenatti ) ( associated press ) barcelona , spain ( ap ) — the latest on the spain-catalonia political crisis ( all times local ) : 4 : 15 p.m. spain ' s senate has authorized the government to apply constitutional measures to take control of the government of catalonia . rajoy 27 , 2017. it says they are temporary and aimed at restoring legality in the northeastern region that is an economic powerhouse in spain .
the ford focus the women were in belongs to the parents of daniels , police said . sinclair and daniels were captured on a surveillance camera monday at an atm in beverly hills , california . police learned that the teens allegedly switched plates before leaving on their multi-state trip . lt. all rights reserved . http://lcsun.co/2ktiobj story_separator_special_tag copyright 2017 nexstar broadcasting , inc. sun-news reporter diana alba soular contributed to this story . el paso , tx ( ktsm ) - las cruces police say that the two missing nmsu students have been located and are in good condition in idaho .
the pair met for the first time ten years ago after adriana ' s marriage broke down and she moved back to her home town , and they soon fell in love and moved in together . inscreveu-se então no site " anjo dos encontros " , tentando participar do quadro de mesmo nome transmitido diariamente pela rádio globo e que promove o reencontro de pessoas com parentes e amigos com quem não têm mais contato . the brazilian couple - who didn ' t want to reveal their surnames - spent their lives trying to find their respective mothers , who were both called maria , and had both abandoned their children when they were still babies .
now , a set of legos weinstock created celebrating the history of women at nasa is about to blast off . “i hope that ‘women of nasa ’ will be one little extra brick in the wall of trying to improve how women are perceived and shown in books , toys , and family programming , � ? ladies rock outer space ! bhatia says . griswold professor of geophysics and the first woman to lead a nasa planetary mission . weinstock explains . nasa or the national aeronautics and space administration . after sharing an image of porco ’ s lego figurine on twitter , weinstock received an outpouring of positive feedback and was inspired to create more figures in an effort to help promote the work of living scientists .
i am looking forward to what you will do for the children of syria . bana escaped aleppo with her family in december during the mass evacuations , and is now living in turkey . they are suffering because of adult people . some of my friends died . her mother , fatemah - who helps run the account - sent the text of the letter to the bbc . i can go to school although i didn ’ t yet . image copyright twitter / alabedbana image caption since arriving in turkey , bana ' s twitter account has turned to calls for fighting to end i know you will be the president of america , so can you please save the children and people of syria ?
from may 2015 through november 2015 , 42 ld cases , including one case of pontiac fever , were reported in genesee county . while the mdhhs cannot conclude that the increase is related to the water emergency in flint , the state of michigan is treating this situation with the same urgency and transparency as the lead response in the city of flint . find out what you need to know about healthcare facilities face unique challenges . snyder also invited critics dr. gov . ten patients died , he said . edwards story_separator_special_tag buy photo governor rick snyder addresses questions about a spike in a form of pneumonia in genesee county .
ventura county fire officials say the blaze broke out monday east of santa paula , a city of 30,000 people ... winds exceeding 40 mph and gusts over 60 mph have been reported in the area and are expected to continue , the national weather service said . even so , she wasn ’ t prepared to watch the fire come so close to her house . story_separator_special_tag flames from a wildfire loom up over a neighborhood in santa paula , calf. they gave no further details . ( associated press ) santa paula , calif. 4 , 2017.
the city council wants you to put that phone down when you ' re crossing the street . supporters of the bill say it will hold pedestrians and motorists responsible for actions on the road , while critics called the bill intrusive and " another attempt at local government overreach . but what about texting while walking ? emergency responders performing official duties won ' t face penalties either . copyright 2017 hawaii news now . all rights reserved . city council : get off the phone ! if signed into law , enforcement could begin in october . the fine ranges from $ 15 to $ 99 .
" they bring you presents to honor you . resqcats is a non-profit cat sanctuary located in santa barbara , california , dedicated to the rescue , care and adoption of abandoned cats and kittens . these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . " copyright alan wnuk " a very special position and living circumstance on offer on a little greek island called syros ( a small paradise no less ! some kitties will do fine in homes with young children while others may not .
and it ' s a great homage to the original 1986 film , with broderick this time calling in sick to a film shoot and enjoying another day of slacking . #dayoff http://automobiles.honda.com http://cr-v.honda.com http://leaplist.honda.com http://facebook.com/hondacrv after auto blog jalopnik blew the lid off the teaser ad last friday , honda has released its ferris bueller spot for the super bowl on youtube — actually , a two-minute-plus extended version of it . see how many you can find . some are obvious , some are very subtle . this is going to be a huge crowd-pleaser on sunday .
an unnamed member of staff told the beijing times that the spanking was only a part of the training that day and as another punishment 16 employees were forced to have their heads shaved . a second executive has also reportedly been suspended . he said physical spanking was “one of the most effective ways to raise consciousness ” , although he admitted his training methods may not be acceptable to everybody . ” the 75-second video emerged online on monday and quickly triggered heated discussion online . in theory , the incident might sound like a parody of a corporate motivational session .
“it ’ s fantastic for the brand , ” said msnbc analyst lawrence o ’ donnell , marveling at stewart ’ s ability to escape the tv section of the newspaper and generate what ’ s known as off-the-page publicity . obama fiercely disputed . text size - + reset video : obama on stewart video : stewart rally announced politico 44 their flirtation with political activism carries risks — just as some believe oprah winfrey did real damage to her image with a heartfelt endorsement of barack obama . ” mr. has the white house capitulated to wall street and other powerful interests ?
within minutes , two typhoon fighter jets were scrambled from raf coningsby in lincolnshire . it included the words " ransom " and " hostage " . one of a small group of senior ministers is kept abreast of developments . they are then passed to the raf ' s national air and space operations centre in high wycombe . procedures were triggered that could ultimately lead to a decision to destroy the aircraft , to avoid mass casualties . both incidents were false alarms . in this case , a female passenger had become distressed during the flight , but the flight crew had managed to calm her down .
the girl , who was visiting and staying with her grandparents at the time , had been beaten , strangled and stabbed , and one of her breasts had been cut off , according to san diego county crime stoppers . brown was civilian lab worker for the san diego police department from 1982 until his retirement in 2002. paul rorrison said . 21 , kevin charles brown was found dead at cuyamaca state park on highway 79. tatro was identified as a suspect in the killing in august 2014. they were preparing to make an arrest when on tuesday , oct.
he chose to remain positive , he said , focusing on his new son instead of the job he lost . cainan was the first baby born in concord in 2017. “it definitely happened for a reason. that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
an egyptair flight carrying 66 passengers and crew on a flight from paris to cairo went missing on thursday , disappearing from radar over the mediterranean sea , egypt ' s national airline said . he was arrested and no one was hurt . pieces of plastic as well as lifejackets have also been found near the island of karpathos , the ministry added in a statement . “we extend our condolences to each and every country that lost people great hate and sickness ! story_separator_special_tag ms804 plane crash . clinton chimed in thursday afternoon , telling cnn , “it does appear that it was an act of terrorism.
bus . slocum says the children were hit as they were crossing a two-lane road to board a tippecanoe valley school corp. the pickup ' s driver was identified as 24-year-old alyssa shepherd of rural rochester . a fourth child was critically injured and airlifted to a hospital . ( santiago ... there are no words , " she said . bus that had stopped with its stop-arm deployed . state police sgt . bus . 30 , 2018 , . " detectives were interviewing witnesses and a crash reconstruction team was at the scene near story_separator_special_tag rochester , ind .
" the theft is so much more complicated than the smuggling out of cuba , " cernuda said . cernuda first alerted law enforcement officials to the theft in february after buying a painting by a 20th-century cuban artist for $ 15,000 . havana times — the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization ( unesco ) published today a list of 70 artworks recently stolen from the national museum of fine arts in havana . " stolen property is stolen property . while no major works were stolen , cernuda said the case was notable because art theft is relatively rare in cuba .
( 8 comments ) update , 11 : 17 am : the names have appeared in a second floor women ' s bathroom in butler . on may 7 , after receiving the first list , bwog was in communication with senior administrators , who told us that publishing the list would violate title ix as well as ferpa . facilities personnel and lerner employees were seen entering and exiting the bathroom , and when questioned , one of them admitted to having recently cleaned the stalls . reporting by sean augustine-obi additionally , public safety has begun closing down the bathrooms until all traces of the names have been removed .
the fact that adult human crime victims receive less empathy than do child , puppy , and full grown dog victims suggests that adult dogs are regarded as dependent and vulnerable not unlike their younger canine counterparts and kids . " these are animals to which many individuals attribute human characteristics . " age seems to trump species , when it comes to eliciting empathy . follow rachael rettner @rachaelrettner . original article on livescience.com . the researchers said they suspect they would find similar results if they looked at empathy levels for other abused pets , such as cats .
rodman ' s latest round of " basketball diplomacy " came less than a week after north korea announced the dramatic purge and execution of kim ' s uncle , jang song thaek , north korea ' s no . kim and those supporting the man who was supposed to be his regent , according to accounts that are being pieced together by south korean and american officials . 2 leader . eventually , at mr. advertisement advertisement " they took away a few hundred people , " the source told the daily nk . the telegraph reports song-thaek was charged with 24 crimes , from " gnawing at the unity and cohesion of the party " to " dreaming different dreams .
the screenings at stations will occur " several times a week , " police said . officers will ask to inspect the bags of riders who fail the test . lipman said most of the stations will be downtown but other stops will be included as well . joseph schwieterman , a depaul professor specializing in transportation issues , said it ' s difficult for mass transit systems to provide airport-level security . " we have hundreds and hundreds of access points to our stations . the cta has more than 140 rail stations . michael garcia , 30 , said he typically carries a backpack when he rides cta trains from skokie to the midway airport orange line every day for work .
and yet , she ’ s too “old ” to play his wife . not a re-wife . jamie makes sure to mention a couple of points that make the absurdity of the situation stronger . “this is a first marriage , btw , ” she added . “if i went in looking like that , perhaps i would have been cast . and she unleashed an amazing twitter takedown of the ageist and sexist decision . “to be fair — that photo is about 5 years old , ” denbo tweeted . “we are all fucking done with you lizards.
uggie story_separator_special_tag the mess that is " john carter " is signaled early on when our hero finds himself on a strange planet that literally puts a bounce in his step . how dare it cost so much money ( $ 250 million ) ! for all the bumps in the narrative , concocted by stanton , mark andrews and novelist michael chabon , and less-than-stellar 3d effects , john carter exerts the pull of a tall tale told by a campfire . printer-friendly » e-mail this to a friend » i don ' t see any way to begin a review of " john carter " without referring to " through time and space with ferdinand feghoot .
“it is a sad but unsurprising truth that the assad regime is less concerned with its massacre of more than 200,000 men , women and children than it is my visit with those brave syrians fighting for their freedom and dignity , ” said mccain in a statement . the syrian complaint was made on monday , when envoy bashar ja ’ afari asked secretary-general ban ki-moon and the u.n. 1 enemy . washington , d.c. ” ### story_separator_special_tag u.s. senator john mccain tweeted his pride at winning a diplomatic “superfecta ” monday night , after syria ’ s ambassador to the u.n. lashed out at him for violating the country ’ s sovereignty after mccain visited rebel-held territory in 2013.
he didn ' t tell our investigators . " kohlhepp told investigators that two people are buried near interstate 26 in spartanburg county in the northwest part of the state . " we ' re trying to get a game plan together to find out exactly where and what to do . investigators have been talking to him , " wright said . todd kohlhepp declined that request . lt. lucas was a service manager , and sherbert was a mechanic at the shop . the search for more victims deputies and k-9 ' s ” maria awes , senior vice president of committee films , confirmed in a statement late wednesday afternoon that her company is working on the kohlhepp documentary .
( associated press ) norwegian prime minister jens stoltenberg , right , speaks to the media in sundvollen , norway saturday july 23 , 2011. ” the document does not name the attendees or say whether they were aware of mr. we gave peace a chance . ( associated press ) eds note : image has been digitally altered by the original source to remove breivik ’ s work . a norwegian gunman disguised as a police officer beckoned his victims closer before ... breivik recorded a day-by-day diary of months of planning for the attacks , and claimed to be part of a small group that intended to “seize political and military control of western european countries and implement a cultural conservative political agenda.
it claims that there are plenty of real live women on the site -- the ratio of paying men to active women ( who get to use it for free ) is reportedly 1.2 to 1 , and women sent 2.8 million messages just in the past week . a second data dump contained thousands of emails and other company documents . " on aug. gizmodo made " incorrect assumptions " about what some of the data fields meant , ashley madison says . a photo illustration shows the ashley madison website displayed on a smartphone in toronto in this august 20 , 2015 file photo .
" he was one of six students admitted to the university of colorado ' s graduate program in neuroscience last year . holmes , applied for membership at his club in june . , police say holmes , 24 , entered a midnight showing of the movie thedark knight rises early friday and opened fire with a rifle , shotgun and .40-caliber handgun , killing 12 people and injuring 58. in the video , holmes refers to " an illusion that allows you to change the past . who wouldn ' t be ? he received a $ 26,000 federal stipend .
the researchers found “gait velocity is reduced when using a cell phone while talking or texting , ” that “navigational errors occur when texting while walking ” and “texting while walking produces greater interference than talking on a cell phone. lamberg , co-author of the study and clinical associate professor in the department of physical therapy at stony brook university ’ s school of health technology and management . " officers handed out pamphlets during a short grace period in march before they began aggressively going after " dangerous walkers . , cathy cruz marrero tumbled into the mall fountain .
atlanta ( cnn ) sixteen us postal service workers got sentences of between three to nine years in federal prison for accepting bribes to deliver cocaine on their routes in atlanta . “tank ” burch , 47 , of snellville , was a letter carrier assigned to the doraville post office . drug traffickers targeted postal workers because their jobs made it less likely for them to be caught by law enforcement officials , federal authorities said . “this important operation identified and prosecuted 16 corrupt individuals who chose to abuse that trust and instead used their positions to bring what they thought were large amounts of dangerous drugs into those same communities for a quick payoff.
" board members rejected numerous opportunities today to pass a resolution that called on publishers to treat all religions with balance and accuracy in their textbooks , " miller said in a statement . “these are baseless accusations , and this resolution is unfair , ” he said . it ’ s crazy , ” said board member rick agosto , d-san antonio . the resolution states that “diverse reviewers have repeatedly documented gross pro-islamic , anti-christian distortions in social studies texts ” across the united states , and that past social studies textbooks in texas have been “tainted ” with pro-islamic , anti-christian views .
" clearly , in this case , they are trying to help the clinton campaign , " sanders campaign manager jeff weaver said of the democratic national committee . sanders ' presidential campaign filed a ... ( associated press ) sanders ' team , meanwhile , accused the democratic party of holding his white house bid hostage by temporarily barring it from accessing its own voter data . a jogger passes a handful of supporters of bernie sanders outside rep. debbie wasserman schultz ' s district office , friday , dec. 18 , 2015. “we are extremely pleased that the dnc has reversed its outrageous decision to take sen.
story_separator_special_tag lea michele and ' glee ' costars pose for sexy gq photos email this the preposterously good looking stars of ' glee ' shed their family-friendly sensibilities -- and a bunch of their clothes -- in the new issue of " i ' ve never been shot in so little clothing , " " i don ' t know how they got me to do half the stuff i did , " michele , also 24 , adds about the racy shoot . f*** those people . it was amazing . you ' re not getting a nose job .
u.s. officials believed that the israelis were spying on the negotiations and would try to scuttle the deal , the report said . netanyahu ' s campaign . cbs news ' mark knoller and walt cronkite contributed to this report . netanyahu on notice without revealing they already knew his thinking . rep. " by 2013 , that fear had dissipated . wsj ' s adam entous has details on lunch break . national security council spokesman ned price wouldn ' t comment on the intelligence activities written about in the wall street journal ' s story , but he said in a statement , " [ w ] e do not conduct any foreign intelligence surveillance activities unless there is a specific and validated national security purpose .
the 65-year-old singer didn ' t hold back with his criticism of madonna , with his outburst triggered as he claimed the singer had been ' horrible ' to lady gaga , who is godmother to his and husband david furnish ' s 19-month-old son zachary . her career ’ s over ... best song??? “you look great ! interesting . that really hurt , and it still does . he wrote on facebook : ' madonna . it ’ s 19 years this october we ’ ve been together . " i mean , i recognised the chord changes .
i like caffeine . perky jerky is the fuel to take you to the next level . each ounce contains 60 mg of caffeine - the same as slurping down a small cup of coffee or about one can of red bull . " ewww , " revels yelped . bag and $ 4.99 for a 2 oz . but it is not a good combination . sleep-deprived new yorkers have a new way to get their caffeine fix : beef jerky . this ultra-premium jerky powers professional adults to keep them focused and alert all day long . " it is like vodka and orange juice , or peanut butter and chocolate , " keiser said .
linda goldstein , vice president of sourcing , quality and production at lululemon , said in an interview that the company ' s sourcing manager for story_separator_special_tag after customers complained that a batch of the company ' s signature yoga pants were too transparent , lululemon tried to make a scapegoat out of the taiwanese company that manufactures the pants . so which one is it ? andria cheng reports . photo : reuters . shares tumbled . bad idea . then maybe next time , someone the supplier , eclat textile co. clearly , something is up .
the world ’ s most notorious womanizer tiger woods has begun his first serious relationship since his marriage to elin nordegren ended in 2010. according to star , lindsey ’ s friends fear that she is falling for one of the biggest cheaters of all time , and there is nothing they can do to stop it . dbeekman@nydailynews.com “lindsey has been teaching tiger ’ s kids sam and charlie how to ski. furthermore , he and lindsey spent a romantic vacation in the caribbean island of antigua . she married fellow skier thomas vonn in 2007 and they finalized their divorce this month .
scaramucci ’ s tenure in trump ’ s cabinet was tumultuous despite being short . source : media.ford.com 4. a loyal company man , fields had been with ford since 1989 , working his way up to coo in 2012 and ceo in 2014. many speculated christie was angling for a post in the new administration . that seemed to be the case last month when christie and his family were spotted lounging on a state-owned beach while the general public was denied beach access due to a statewide government shutdown . 24/7 wall st. the outgoing governor said he does not care about poll numbers .
prior to the autopsy , police also said there was no apparent gunshot wound and nothing to suggest drugs were involved or that it was a suicide . 30 , 2015 , dj thomson , right , and joyce levine light candles on kennedy street after hearing about the death of mayor stephen " greg " fisk in juneau , alaska . ian fisk previously stated in an email that his family is grieving privately . fisk lived alone . he said it ' s believed that fisk had some issues with his heart and fell . sometimes , it ' s obvious at the scene that a person died of natural causes .
" i like to , within moderation , respect that i ' m not mick jagger or david bowie , and i don ' t just have fans that are a certain age . " watch the full performance below : in 2008 , gaga thanked bowie " for inspiration " in the liner notes of her debut the fame . ” you can check out gaga ’ s grammy performance on monday , february 15th . bowie died last month from a long battle with cancer , with his death coming days after his 69th birthday and release of his final album blackstar .
the astounding routine he went into would defy description even if i could remember it word for word . asphyxia from an apparent suicide is what officials are initially saying is the cause of death for 63-year-old comedian robin williams , ahead of an official coroner ' s report . he was generous enough to erase his recognizable face and body entirely , and yet as a blue drawing was more vivid and lifelike than the vast majority of tv characters . certain themes emerged . after the show williams and i had a quick bite in a bustling place on the strip called the copper kettle .
people in the hospital may get this infection . in the nicu , they used to call her miss sassy because of her ability to express her displeasure with her circumstances.oakleigh had grown normally and her health was excellent up until a couple of months ago when she came down with a sudden fever . oakleigh is just 11-months-old . coli she sometimes these germs cause minor problems like swimmer ' s ear and hot tub rash . then , the trouble began . the e. oakleigh ryan nance has been a true blessing ever since the moment she entered this world at 3 pounds .
' " here is what trump has said in the past about his opposition to the iraq invasion : in another interview with neil cavuto in january of 2003 , a transcript of which was but he said he personally wouldn ' t " question people ' s christianity . i wasn ' t a politician . trump vs. i was a businessperson . 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . " i would probably say that something was going on , " trump said . bush for launching the war . " at the feb. i ' m no warmonger , " trump wrote .
agents k ( tommy lee jones ) and j ( will smith ) are back , but the reliable tart and taciturn vs. men in black iii may 23 , 2012 " men in black 3 ” comes 15 years after the entertaining original and 10 years after the sequel laid an egg , and the surprise is , it ' s better than the first one . hadn ’ t thought of that . if it was a person , you ’ d worry it had dementia . what ? time travel can become very complicated . their banter is blather .
in the botched operation story_separator_special_tag washington ( cnn ) -- firings and charges against the justice department officials who oversaw the agency ' s flawed gun-running operation are likely to come in the next six months , attorney general eric holder said thursday . ... that they were not acceptable and that gunwalking was to stop . advertisement advertisement " we ' re not going to be hiding behind any kind of privileges or anything , " he said . this has become political , i get that , " he said . that was what my reaction [ was ] to my finding out about the use of that technique , " he added .
nordstrom ’ s move , according to spicer , was not a business decision based on the sales of ivanka ’ s line at all . it was , rather , a “direct attack� ? you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history . " — sahil kapur ( @sahilkapur ) february 8 , 2017 trump has previously depressed the stock prices of private companies by tweeting negative things about them in a manner that perhaps suggested forthcoming retaliation on the part of the federal government . terrible !
statement of purpose and mission ipsa supports a worldwide community of professionals in the field of surrogate partner therapy , which includes surrogate partners , therapists , and individuals n need of and supportive of surrogate partner therapy . " you set ground rules , " larry says , " it ' s baby steps . story_separator_special_tag larry was completely naked and blindfolded next to a piano when the younger woman he was with had a breakthrough . if all goes well , they ' ll move to hand stroking and a face caressing . no sexual touching is allowed .
tunisians ... and when mass protests forced ben ali to flee friday to saudi arabia , his peoples ' pent-up rage was directed more at leila ' s side of the family than at her husband story_separator_special_tag tunisia has arrested 33 members of the family of zein al-abidine ben ali , the president ousted on friday by a popular uprising . four union and oppposition ministers had left the cabinet this week , demanding that rcd ministers go . mr materi ’ s princesse holding contributed 51 percent of the bank ’ s $ 30 million starting capital prior to it opening last year .
gaddafi ' s soldiers apologized to their tunisian counterparts for the incursion and hoisted their flag at the border , tearing down a pre-gaddafi era flag that had fluttered for a few days . ” asked maren abouzakhar , 22 , who fled the besieged libyan city of yafran early this month . we ' ve won ! rebels mr. “would you give your house to someone you didn ’ t know , from another country ? " given the gravity of what has happened ... even some of the refugees seem baffled by it . " but they swiftly turned back when they found gaddafi ' s forces were still there .
cnn televised footage of the incident that showed a man prone on the white house lawn , a few feet from the metal picket fence . the last event on his official schedule was set for 4 : 30 p.m. incidents such as tuesday ’ s are not uncommon . the spokesman , ed donovan , said crudup would be charged with unlawful entry and contempt of court . after the man jumped the fence , armed officers ordered him to lie down and then handcuffed him before taking him into custody . according to the secret service , the detained man is james dirk crudup , 41 , who is homeless .
the sausages were “excellent , ” he said . this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser story_separator_special_tag on thursday , jurgen klinsmann , the coach of the united states national men ’ s soccer team , dined with president obama , chancellor angela merkel of germany , a number of nobel laureates and a couple of astronauts at a gala in berlin . he is expected to elaborate on the thinking behind klinsmann ’ s dismissal during a conference call with the news media on tuesday afternoon . u.s. soccer did not immediately name klinsmann ’ s replacement , though it is expected that bruce arena — a major league soccer veteran who led the national team from 1998 to 2006 — will take the job through the end of the current world cup cycle .
obama has “apologized ” for america and projected weakness , suggesting that was the root cause of this week ’ s protests in cairo and the lethal violence in libya . that vagueness is crucial because by romney “would not be content with an iran one screwdriver ’ s turn away from a nuclear weapon. view all new york times newsletters . invalid email address . please try again later . cohen said that mr. , just outside washington . romney largely chose to bypass discussion of the challenges in dealing with the two countries , instead offering a more general critique of the president .
there was " lots of blood and confusion , " she said . ' and he wouldn ' t answer . " i thought i would be shot . sulzgeber was reportedly standing with his wife , third in line to meet with giffords , while zimudie was in the nearby walgreens and came running out once he heard the shooting . " badger , a retired army colonel , said he had just done what anyone else would have done . but then something unexpected happened . six people died . the other guys are . " i ' m totally stressed story_separator_special_tag patricia maisch looks like a grandmother , but she is being hailed as a hero today for helping to stop alleged tucson shooter jared loughner by wrestling away a fresh magazine of bullets as he tried to reload .
these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . story_separator_special_tag lexington school district two says a substitute teacher accused of being drunk in school was not a district employee . copyright 2017 wis. all rights reserved . she was charged with disorderly conduct and released to the care of paramedics who took her to the hospital . richards-gartee was later found in possession of an open container of alcohol . judith elizabeth richards-gartee , 52 , was arrested friday after an administrator at the school called a resource officer about her being intoxicated .
" he was a lovely man , and i was honored to know him . ) and gandolfini ’ s managers confirmed the actor ’ s death . photos : james gandolfini : 15 iconic movie and tv roles " we ' re all in shock and feeling immeasurable sadness at the loss of a beloved member of our family , " hbo said in a statement . brad grey , the sopranos‘ yet he proved through his masterful acting that he could make tony soprano sexy and smart , towering and powerful . gandolfini plays jack stone , a downtrodden jailhouse attorney who frequents police stations for clients .
after a historic summit in singapore , president donald trump and north korea ' s kim jong un signed a document committing to work together for peace . “we ... “it should go fairly well , but people should not expect so much for the first time , ” rodman told reporters at the airport . kim is due to leave on tuesday afternoon , a source involved in the planning of his visit said on sunday . the rare public appearance of kim , waving and smiling to onlookers , adds to the more affable image of the young leader that has emerged since his summit in april with south korean leader moon jae-in .
france ’ s lower house voted by a clear majority on tuesday to approve the government ’ s marriage reform , which will allow same-sex couples the same spousal and adoption rights as their heterosexual counterparts . another big rally against the law is planned for next month . just watched open mic : french on same-sex marriage replay more videos ... france is not the only nation currently wrestling with the polarizing issue of same-sex marriage . in the united states , where president barack obama has voiced his personal support for same-sex marriage , it has been legalized in nine states and the district of columbia -- but many people remain vehemently opposed .
in christina ’ s honor i have created a go fund me page to assist her family in their time of need . grimmie was gunned down by 27-year-old kevin james loibl -- who was quickly tackled by grimmie ' s brother before shooting himself -- on june 10 after opening for pop-rock band before you exit at the plaza live . " words cannot express ... and christina will be missed and never ever forgotten . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . literally i have no words . at the moment , donations have topped $ 100,000 .
" he had no other choice but to make an emergency landing , which he did safely , " his publicist said in a story_separator_special_tag harrison ford plane crashes [ video update : paramedics treat harrison ] harrison ford -- plane crashes ... dad is ok. the official spoke only condition of anonymity because of privacy restrictions . the course is near the santa monica , calif. angie crouch reports for the nbc4 news at 6 p.m. on thursday , march 5 , 2015 . he is every bit the man you would think he is . he suffered moderate injuries .
in a statement monday , 23andme confirmed that it had received the fda ’ s warning letter . for example , your company ’ s website at www.23andme.com/health ( most recently viewed on november 6 , 2013 ) markets the pgs for providing “health reports on 254 diseases and conditions , ” including categories such as “carrier status , ” “health risks , ” and “drug response , ” and specifically as a “first step in prevention ” that enables users to “take steps toward mitigating serious diseases ” such as diabetes , coronary heart disease , and breast cancer .
the court said that taymour el-sobki ' s comments on a talk show in december would harm the public peace and damage the public interest . he can still appeal the sentence . read more story_separator_special_tag cairo ( ap ) — an egyptian court sentenced a blogger to three years in jail with hard labor on saturday for " spreading false news " after he said about 45 percent of married egyptian women have the readiness for " immorality " and to cheat on their husbands . okasha did not break the law , " said eid . " the two issues seem to be unrelated , but they both share the same attribute ....
jenkins ’ mother called rosemont police early on the morning of sept. " investigators concluded jenkin ' s death was accidental after retracing her path to the cooler that contained the freezer where her body was found , reviewing hours of surveillance video and interviewing most of the people that were at the party that night . stephens iii with the rosemont police department said in a statement . police showed the photographs to jenkins ’ family on thursday , and sam adam jr. 9 to report jenkins hadn ’ t returned home . ” the records were released in response to public records requests .
he was thrown off the flight " on the grounds of a security violation " and handed over to police . in another incident this week , an indian passenger tried to open a plane door in mid-air , apparently mistaking it for the toilet . local media reports say the man , believed to be about 35 , was questioned at a police station and later released without charge . police did not find any offence against him to charge a case , " the said . passengers are prohibited from entering the of a commercial flight . " he was drunk and wanted to charge his so he moved towards the cockpit .
and in what was the final straw for the usoc , usa gymnastics said it “seeking to revoke recognition is not a decision that the u.s.o.c . " as we ’ ve said before , this is a situation in which there are no perfect solutions , " hirshland said wednesday . should it be stripped of its ngb status , the usoc would take control of the elite programs until a new ngb is identified . nassar , the longtime team physician for usa gymnastics and michigan state , is serving an effective life sentence after pleading guilty to child pornography and sexual abuse charges .
as rocky tells adonis time and again , his toughest adversary is himself . adonis ’ title fight triggers giddy heights of cathartic glee , but that ’ s not the story ’ s big ending . apollo died in the ring in the 1980s at the hand of russian pugilist ivan drago , forcing adonis to grow up without his dad in his life . adonis convinces rocky to guide him toward a championship bout and introduces him to everyone as his uncle . ryan coogler directs this spin-off of the hugely successful rocky franchise . story_separator_special_tag adonis johnson creed ( michael b.
by that time he will have completed rehab for sexual addiction and hopes to have his life back on track , a source close to the situation told radaronline.com exclusively . she has been photographed not wearing her wedding ring but has made no public statement about the future of their marriage . jennifer mitchell / splash news two local media outlets also reported that tiger was receiving treatment in town . the clinic features one of the best sex addiction treatment centers in the country and is directed by dr. his most recent affair was with rachel uchitel and was uncovered by the national enquirer .
the investigation found the family of eight was believed to be in the newport , ore. ( associated press ) seattle ( ap ) — a woman said tuesday that she told oregon child welfare officials in 2013 that jennifer and sarah hart — who plunged off a california cliff with their children last month in an suv — had been depriving the kids of food as punishment . they stayed on highway 1 until they got to fort bragg around 8 p.m. saturday , march 24 , and stayed there until about 9 p.m. sunday . all rights reserved .
" it ' s new information to me and it ' s very disturbing that he ' s on the fbi radar screen , " rep. hide caption 1 of 33 photos : photos : boston celebrates boston celebrates , seeks return to normal – a man washes a bus stop window on boylston street on april 24. but tamerlan was widely reported to have made a trip to russia last year . his brother , dzhokar , 19 , graduated in 2011 from cambridge rindge &amp; latin school , the alma mater of actors matt damon and ben affleck .
results hazard ratios for mortality among athletes from disciplines with moderate cardiovascular intensity ( 1.01 , 95 % confidence interval 0.96 to 1.07 ) or high cardiovascular intensity ( 0.98 , 0.92 to 1.04 ) were similar to those in athletes from disciplines with low cardiovascular intensity . but a new study suggests that a round of golf can confer longevity benefits just as robust as a 100-mile bike ride . this year , the olympic main outcome measure all cause mortality . the study in the christmas edition of bmj — the peer-reviewed publication formerly known as the british medical journal — is based on the mortality records of 9,889 athletes who competed in the olympic games between 1896 and 1936 .
when a typical meteoroid passes through the earth ' s upper atmosphere , it ' s travelling at around 100,000 km/h , and it compresses the air molecules directly in its path to the point where they heat up and glow . meteor trains ! some have even been observed for hours afterward . credit : stellarium/s . the big reveal : will a developing la niña affect our summer as much as el niño affected our winter ? the meteor shower should be visible from about 3 a.m. local time , until dawn , on both mornings . sources : nasa &#124; slooh &#124; with files from the weather network watch below : the slooh community observatory eta aquarid show starts at 8 p.m. edt , thursday , may 5 .
segrette/ap france ' s first lady carla bruni-sarkozy shakes president obama ' s hand instead of a customary kiss , like the one exchanged between michelle obama and french president nicolas sarkozy . was it on purpose and platonic mouth kisses are suddenly the new show of affection in washington , or was it an accident ? 2. the family friend : laugh this incident off . whatever you want , just keep me tapped into that sweet lip action ... pres — " *smoochy* *smoochy* . maybe she pulled back . jill biden : " hey , jill , i know this great podium where we can stand and watch the sun set .
court documents have said that guyger says she believed jean was an intruder in her own apartment . the dallas police department has declined to release that information and sent the open records requests to the attorney general for final determination . " " at the moment of the shooting it was a knowing ... file - this file photo provided by the kaufman county sheriff ’ s office shows amber guyger . , guyger had turned herself back in on the murder charge . guyger was not wearing a body camera . 6 , 2018 . a grand jury began hearing evidence monday , nov.
image copyright www.cocacola.co.jp coca-cola has launched its first alcoholic drink , a lemon flavoured alcopop , in japan in a bid to tap new markets and consumers . they were controversial , with concerns they encouraged young people to drink more alcohol because of soft drink-like taste . ... local companies like suntory , asahi and kirin currently dominate the sector for canned chu-hi drinks . story_separator_special_tag fukuoka , japan — a fizzy lemon-flavored alcoholic drink that went on sale in japan on monday marked coca-cola co. described by coca-cola as " unique " in the company ' s 125-year history , the three drinks range from 3 % to 8 % alcohol .
the deal , brokered at international talks in cancún , has been hailed as restoring faith in the multilateral un process but will not reduce temperatures as much as scientists say is needed , and it pushes many of the most important decisions to future negotiations . " this is way better than what we were expecting only a few weeks ago . i would like to have seen a 2020 date for global emissions to peak but this takes us forward to a legally-binding overall outcome , " he added . it ' s a good deal which gives a new sense of momentum to [ climate change ] discussions .
monkeys ' faces evolved to avoid crossbreeding researchers used human face recognition techniques to identify and compare guenons ' features continue reading the main story related stories guenon monkeys ' colourful and varied faces have evolved as a way to avoid crossbreeding , scientists have found . multiple species often travel , feed and sleep together increasing the likelihood of mating with each other . they spent 18 months photographing 22 species of guenons in zoos in the us and uk and in a wildlife sanctuary in nigeria . that is , all guenon monkeys are alike if they are the same species .
there is , moreover , a continued lack of enthusiasm for the republican field . new post-abc numbers show obama leading five of six potential republican presidential rivals tested in the poll . but the combined effects of weak economic indicators and dissatisfaction among the public are adding to the political pressures on the white house as the president ’ s advisers look toward what could be a difficult 2012 reelection campaign . frustrated ? even in her own party , among republicans and republican-leaning independents , 41 percent rule out voting for her and 39 percent see her as unqualified .
she has sought an apology and recognition that the cia search of the committee ' s computers was inappropriate , but said : " i have received neither . " we weren ' t trying to block anything , " brennan said . this john mccain said an independent probe may be necessary . dianne feinstein ( d-calif. bush . sen. story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports . the computers were provided by the cia and housed at a separate facility in virginia operated by an agency contractors . washington ( ap ) — the head of the senate intelligence committee says the cia improperly searched a stand-alone computer network established for congress as part of its investigation into allegations of cia abuse in a bush-era detention and interrogation program .
" next time you grab that serving spoon , think to yourself , " how much do i want to eat ? wansink and co-author katherine abowd johnson analyzed 1179 diners and concluded that we ' re a clean plate planet . ------------ for the record an earlier version of this post misspelled the johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health as the john hopkins bloomberg school of public health . a new cornell university study shows that the average adult eats 92 % of whatever he or she puts on his or her plate .
but in 2017 , precisely when it was zte ’ s turn to pay for its use of other members ’ patents in via ’ s lte pool , it suddenly and without ceremony quit the patent pool . despite what you may hear , some chinese companies are actually good ip citizens — lenovo for one . # china crushes u.s. companies with no mercy &amp; they use these telecomm companies to spy &amp; steal from us . many hoped this time would be different . u.s. president donald trump appeared to confirm the deal in a tweet late on friday .
but the judge rejected a defence argument that krajnc should be cleared because she was acting in the greater good , and suggested she may have been motivated in part by the prospect of drawing attention to her cause . i ' m on trial for giving water to thirsty pigs . , courtroom packed with animal activists . , courthouse afterward . they are property , ” he said . milton , ont. my simple answer to this question is : no “the fact that ms. , as the vehicle approached a slaughterhouse . krajnc of trying to do.
he told the independent : " it ’ s kind of a guideline on how to be a good supporter of jihad and have the best role in supporting ' your mujahidin ' as a woman . the zora foundation is the latest isis media group operating across social networks . isis ( also known as islamic state ) regularly release propaganda showing brutal executions and violent atrocities , training regimes for fighters and threats to the west as the us-led coalition air strikes continue . energy drinks “every right created with sketch . 26 , 2014. close more than $ 260 million this year crossed via cilvegozu and oncupinar , the turkish ...
at this price , mcdonald ’ s will either break even or take a slight loss on the product , according to nick setyan , vice president in charge of equity research at wedbush securities . while the amount of spice has not been changed , " there is more awareness that they have a spicy kick to them , " says mccomb . but it ' s too early to write an obituary for might wings , advises hume . that ’ s a 40 percent discount . “they ’ ve paid for those wings . mcdonald ' s mighty wings ( photo : paco marquez mcdonalds ) story highlights mighty wings now sold in packs of 5 for $ 3 that ' s about 60 cents per wing vs.
u.s. officials said that one of bin laden ' s sons , khalid , was killed in the raid . he is pictured here aged around 14 , in a propaganda video president obama ' s determination to send a large task-force into pakistan shows he was willing to risk a confrontation with the country , a close ally , if it meant capturing the al qaeda mastermind . missing ? one senior pakistani security official told abc news there is still no timeframe for that meeting , however . the u.s. has previously denied the seals took anyone from the compound other than bin laden ' s body .
the hydrogen in water , whether it ' s on mars or on earth , comes in two varieties : ordinary hydrogen , whose nuclei contain just a proton , and " heavy " hydrogen , also known as deuterium , with a proton and a neutron . the view of the planet ’ s ancient history radically re-writes what many scientists believed only a decade ago . “a major question has been how much water did mars actually have when it was young and how did it lose that water?� ? nasa/villanueva/mumma/gallagher/feimer et al . the high concentration means that mars must have lost a vast amount of water in the past , equivalent to more than six times that now locked up in the planet ’ s frozen ice caps .
tehran iran ' s morality police are cracking down on the sale of barbie dolls to protect the public from what they see as pernicious western culture eroding islamic values , shopkeepers said on monday . " my daughter prefers barbies . a range of officially approved dolls launched in 2002 to counter demand for barbie have not proven successful , merchants told reuters . iran ' s religious rulers first declared barbie , made by u.s. company mattel inc , un-islamic in 1996 , citing its " destructive cultural and social consequences . the iranian government has rejected washington ' s request to return the drone , calling the aircraft ' s incursion of iranian airspace an " invasion " and a " hostile act .
“i want a sustainable peaceful two-state solution , ” he said . the phone call thursday was officially described as a message of congratulations on netanyahu ' s victory , but it also carried a serious warning after the prime minister opposed the creation of a palestinian state in the last days of his campaign . ” we believe [ netanyahu ] changed his position , ” psaki said . “i am not going to prejudge it further . earlier thursday , netanyahu walked back his disavowal of a two-state solution , a position he endorsed in an effort to appeal to right-wing voters with polls showing him facing tough competition .
vincent van gogh ( shutterstock ) a sketchbook of drawings by post-impressionist master vincent van gogh has been discovered and will be published in november , the french publisher seuil announced thursday . a seuil representative told afp that the sketches are “stunning , dazzling. send your finds to [ email protected ] from afp : “no further information will be divulged until the world press conference to be held in paris in mid-november 2016 on the eve of the book ’ s arrival in bookstores in the various countries , ” seuil said in a statement .
one of the twin panda cubs at smithsonian ' s national zoo in washington , d.c. the zoo said sunday that veterinarians tried to swap the cubs around 11 p.m. but that mei xiang would not put down her first-born cub . learn more , died just days after its birth . she has two other surviving cubs , born in 2013 and 2005. contributing : michael winter , usa today photos : giant panda gives birth to two cubs at national zoo http://usat.ly/1ekf0f0 story_separator_special_tag tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications .
they could be the bodies of foreign hostages or algerians or terrorists , " the official said . algeria ' s ... in addition , a wounded romanian who had been evacuated died , raising the overall death toll to at least " what strikes me the most is that we ' re saying ' hostage-taking ' but when there are so many people concerned , i think this is an act of war , " he told french tv . during a visit to the affected plant , mr yousfi said it would resume production within two days .
although l ’ espresso is generally regarded as an organ of italy ’ s churchwary left ( its rival is panorama , a newsweekly owned by prime minister silvio berlusconi ’ s media empire ) , magister stands out because he typically leans more to the right in his editorial musings . francis engaged in some self-promotion ... — attacked the encyclical even before it was released , chiding the pope for talking science in a church document and insisting that global warming isn ' t a scientific reality . his columns consistently advocate a muscular papacy that practices realpolitik abroad .
mr. image copyright ap image caption the raid on wprost ' s offices by a prosecutor was broadcast live by several tv channels in poland poland ' s justice minister has said a controversial raid to find leaked tapes that embarrassed the government " should have never taken place " . smolar said . under polish law , the central bank must remain independent of politics . but russia ’ s annexation of crimea turned that attitude around , mr. transcripts of the recordings , made at a restaurant in warsaw popular with politicians , were published earlier this week .
brushing with regular fluoride toothpaste does not provide the antibacterial protection of colgate total ® toothpaste . to date , the benefits of using antibacterial hand soap haven ’ t been proven . " the fda notes that it has “reviewed extensive effectiveness data on triclosan in colgate total toothpaste " and that the " evidence showed that triclosan in that product was effective in preventing gingivitis . what makes soap ‘antibacterial ’ antibacterial soaps ( sometimes called antimicrobial or antiseptic soaps ) contain certain chemicals not found in plain soaps . why ? the efficacy and safety of colgate total ® is supported by more than 90 clinical studies , involving over 20,000 people , and a broad set of safety evaluations .
“this is absolutely inexcusable , ” the new york republican said on “fox news sunday. the nfl is a great league … but there has to be a strength in the league , and they have to project the values of what ’ s right and what ’ s wrong. period , " she said . ( watch : sunday shows in 90 seconds ) king , who sits on the house homeland security committee , also said that the committee would likely hold hearings on the security breach . i remember the glory days .
” although the goal of the act is clearly illegal , mclaughlin ’ s support for it is a constitutionally protected act of free speech for which he probably can ’ t even be disbarred . mclaughlin who actively pursues creating laws that permit genocide has no business practicing law in california or any other state . to ensure mr. please sign and share the petition today . on monday morning , laws plans to file the intolerant jackass act , accompanied by the requisite $ 200 , with the california attorney general . mark joseph stern mark joseph stern covers courts and the law for slate .
to put that percentage in perspective , james cameron ' s " avatar " — another movie in which the technology was highly touted — did 72 % of its opening weekend business in 3-d. " cloudy with a chance of the animated sequel features the voices of bill hader and anna faris and a cast of " foodimals , " like tacodiles and shrimpanzees . universal ' s racing tale " rush , " starring chris hemsworth , drove into fifth place , followed by " don jon , " joseph gordon-levitt ' s directorial debut about a porn addict looking for love .
theresa may will not move out and talks will begin to see if the conservatives can find enough support from other parties to rule . here ' s who has suffered defeat so far : this is much harder than governing with a majority , even a small one . the 24,000-strong organisation helped mobilise activists in targeting marginals and exploit social media in support of the overall labour campaign . she plans to form a minority government , relying on the democratic unionist party for support . what happens next ? pm confirms five top cabinet posts , including chancellor and foreign secretary defence secretary sir michael fallon , brexit secretary david davis , home secretary amber rudd , chancellor philip hammond and foreign secretary boris johnson all keep their positions .
lees said theresa plummer ’ s death may have occurred as a result of her cleaning up her son ’ s drug paraphernalia in the bathroom . she began having shortness of breath and was taken to the hospital , where she died nov. " this is a caution for safety , for anyone coming into contact with any type of powder substance , ” lees told wjac . 7 , one day after his mother . ﻿the cox media group national content desk contributed to this report . " autopsies have been performed , but lees is awaiting toxicology reports .
image copyright nasa/jpl-caltech/msss image caption the dark patch and white spot magnified on the right are likely the impact site and parachute the gouge in the ground probably made by europe ' s schiaparelli probe as it hit the surface of mars on wednesday has been imaged by a us satellite . its context is persuasive , however . again , this was not present in earlier pictures . they should have operated for half a minute . estimates are that schiaparelli dropped from a height of between 2 and 4 kilometres , therefore impacting at a considerable speed , greater than 300 km/h .
bodies believed to be of japanese wwii soldiers discovered in palau cave sealed off for 70 years updated the bodies of six soldiers , believed to be japanese troops who fought in world war ii , have been discovered in a reopened cave in the tiny pacific nation of palau . it is made up of 18 palauans , two britons and one person each from south africa and australia . when it ' s clear , the archaeologists can go in and start bone collection . the caves and their entrances were then heavily camouflaged . " it was very tight , it was a very difficult entrance to the cave , a very harsh environment to work in .
she ’ s very strong . friday evening , olgin ' s daughter had plans to see a movie with her girlfriend , mary kristene chapa . in the meantime , the small town of ingleside is mourning the loss of a life that ended before it truly began . “we don ’ t know who did this to her , she hasn ’ t given us a name , ” he says . they come to my house to shower and then go back. " justice will be served . the doctors are amazed. the texas rangers have joined the investigation .
i hope your nerves aren ’ t too shattered by the experience , but if it ’ s any comfort to you , i found the event to be absolutely thrilling ! he now drives a motorcycle and hunts deer . does this not tarnish every future vote regarding appropriations of the city of manassas with unavoidable concerns of a conflict of interest ? phil -- who implores us all to " get real " -- tells robby that she should story_separator_special_tag there is , remarkably , a 28-year-old woman who is running for congress from virginia named krystal ball ( jesus christ , bad parents ) .
video : developing - disgruntled veteran sets himself on fire outside georgia capitol , gsp says -https://t.co/umuizsaqcm #atlanta pic.twitter.com/fzqaui4oth — john spink ( @johnjspink ) june 26 , 2018 “he was strapped with some homemade incendiary devices ( and ) firecrackers , and doused himself with some kind of flammable liquid ” before lighting the fireworks , he said . the incident unfolded during a news conference about a new state law on hands-free driving . mark perry told ajc.com . no other injuries were reported . washington street closed . , according to the wsb 24-hour traffic center .
beijing has repeatedly accused the nobel peace prize-winning dalai lama of being a separatist story_separator_special_tag successor chosen by dalai lama ' illegal ' : china beijing — china said monday any successor chosen by the dalai lama would be " illegal " after the tibetan spiritual leader announced that he , and not beijing , would decide whether he should be reincarnated . kelsang is related to phuntsog . his death kicked off a harsh crackdown , with security forces detaining about 300 tibetan monks for a month . the two monks suffered slight burns and were in stable condition , state news agency xinhua said , citing doctors .
haughton . police and swat team members respond to a call of a shooting at the azana spa in brookfield , wis. she told her customers she wished she could spend more time with her parents . " haughton took her daughters to see the broadway show " wicked " in chicago , and to the wisconsin dells . multiple people were wounded ... check back soon for further information . ap ' s earlier story is below . 21 , 2012. sunday , oct . the man they identified as the suspect , radcliffe franklin haughton , 45 , of brown deer , had a restraining order against him .
pichai , who became google ’ s ceo in october following its reorganisation into holding company alphabet , was handed 273,328 shares , according to a company filing , worth $ 199m when they were awarded . alistair barr for the wall street journal alphabet inc. the new award vests in quarterly increments over the next four years as long as mr. pichai is employed by alphabet . click here to continue reading . critics of the controversial tax deal have calculated that google generated sales of £ 24bn ( $ 34.6bn ) in the uk between 2005 and 2014 on which it has reported profit margins of between 25 % and 30 % , which works out an estimated profit of about £ 7.2bn ( $ 10.4bn ) .
" my family has seen nothing of that in you and that ' s okay , your time will come . the victims , authorities were able to determine , were two local sisters and the older sister ' s boyfriend . garry cordell , 47 , was sentenced to life in prison without parole . ' everybody is mad up here ' cast of characters defendants kenneth brunke , 46 , was born and raised in lagrange , illinois , and but there was no one to see it except them . 22 , 2015. at the heart of the killings was a tale of drugs , sex and betrayal .
it ' s invaluable to research , says the university ' s prof. " what they found was that the metallic particles were ammunition . killed by humans finally , of course , this dodo is also a symbol . " he called it a " pretty brutal way to story_separator_special_tag image copyright university of warwick image caption a dodo model on display in oxford - the actual dodo remains are usually kept under lock and key for a bird that has been extinct for more than 350 years , you probably think there is not much left to learn about the dodo .
she claims she was waiting with friends to enter the governors ball when an oscar official suggested security make a citizen ' s arrest . “i started to leave and [ the guard ] grabbed my arm and he started pulling me . or mention any physical encounter with the security guard. tmz has learned.sources tell us ... ” story_separator_special_tag 6 : 30 am pst -- 6 : 10 am pst -- 1 : 45 am pst -- now we know what allegedly happened . click thru to see young posing with angelina jolie and brad pitt outside the party .
he says the south had the fastest growth since 2000 , at 14.3 percent . groves spoke at a briefing announcing 2010 census results . michigan was the only state with a decline , at 0.6 percent . that figure is higher than the original $ 1.6 billion in cost savings announced in august . the west was close behind at 13.8 percent . locke credited strong management that overcame government auditors ' warnings that the census could be wasteful and inefficient . about 74 percent of u.s. households mailed back their 10-question form , matching the rate in 2000 .
" the community of young people from around the world , " said francisca martinez , 21 , a student from guam . sebastian in rio de janeiro on saturday . story_separator_special_tag the first latin american pontiff has called on catholics to adopt a more missionary mind-set . pope francis celebrates mass with bishops , priests and seminarians at the cathedral of st. he implored them to open opportunities for everyone in a country rife with inequality , expand dialogue with all sectors of society and work toward " eliminating forms of elitism and eradicating poverty . many made pilgrimages by walking to the copacabana beach .
the recording was released after last week ' s raid . we didn ’ t plan for him to be there , and this was not a raid that had anything to do with targeting that individual , " col. john thomas said . awlaki was killed in 2011. but while one seal , 14 al qaeda fighters and some civilians , including an 8-year-old girl , were killed during a firefight , al-rimi is still alive and in yemen , multiple military officials said . " al-rimi identifies all 25 purported victims of the jan. 29 raid .
“it ’ s horrible when you peel back the curtain and see what ’ s behind it , � ? 21.allred told reporters that she had been approached by a number of women who claimed that cosby either drugged or sexually assaulted them . " i hope somebody gets to the bottom of this , but i ’ m going to reserve my judgment because i have a lot of questions , as i said . " photos : ' 80s stars then and now goldberg defended the accused star during a heated discussion on the view on nov.
nj transit service was suspended early monday between newark liberty airport and elizabeth , and new jersey-bound amtrak trains were being held at new york penn story_separator_special_tag the discovery of a bag containing explosive devices near a train station in elizabeth was causing big headaches for commuters . rahami has been charged with wounding 31 people in a bombing in new york on saturday that authorities called a “terrorist act. checkey beckford reports . the mayor warned that other explosions were expected . sources told cbs new york sunday evening that the fbi made a car stop on the belt parkway near the verrzano bridge .
but in a letter , published in russia ' s pro-kremlin newspaper izvestia , he wrote : " my spiritual pain is unbearable . its comparative simplicity made it cheap to manufacture , as well as reliable and easy to maintain . the gun brought kalashnikov fame and a string of awards . " kalashnikov , whose funeral was attended by president vladimir putin , came up with the durable and simple rifle design after experiencing the red army ' s dire lack of weapons during world war ii . " he asked . more than 100 million kalashnikovs have been sold worldwide .
we can ' t say we ' ve ever made that big of an impact in the world by lunchtime , but we ' re pretty impressed that one of america ' s favorite on-screen and off-screen couples isn ' t afraid to stand up for what they believe in . have a great day ! ( brb , pretending our relationships are even half as cool as theirs. " he wrote . ) and some cleverness . youth mentoring collection : a program that matches at-risk youth with adult mentors . the message they scribbled out on their papers probably only took a few minutes , but we have a feeling their efforts are going to last much , much longer .
he was serving a seven year sentence for theft of property and burglary , according to the arkansas department of correction . dishman escaped custody in may 1985 from the benton unit . lane , was also caught sunday after a foot chase in pine bluff . © 2018 kthv-tv dishman was convicted on december 20 , 1984. dishman was originally arrested in washington county . update : little rock , ark . prior to that , he was being held at cummins and wrightsville prisons . the asp says an individual who had met dishmam about five years after his escape came forward and told authorities where to find him .
" it is with heavy hearts that we have concluded our search for josh , " a statement from the family said . bianca was able to swim to shore , but byrne was swept away . advertisement the newlyweds were honeymooning on the west coast of costa rica , in an area known as playa dominicalito , when they were caught up in a flash flood as they were trying to cross a bridge . josh ' s father and brother flew to the country friday to help locals search along the banks of the river for him .
hide caption 1 of 11 bands still going 40 years later 11 photos bands still going 40 years later – blondie formed forty years ago , with debbie harry , pictured , as front-woman . " however , tragedy hit the group story_separator_special_tag david crosby was looking forward , but it was right into the sun . neither drugs nor alcohol played a role in the accident , according to a police report , and crosby stopped his vehicle immediately after the accident . " the quartet accordingly replaced the rapper ' s " i-g-g-y " chant with " c-s-n-y .
" -- dr . ' ' -- ' ' geologist kieffer argues that we don ' t understand disasters as well as we should . " -- claudio vita-finzi in the times of london " a study on natural disasters [ that ] puts fizz into the physics . so by regional standards the wind river earthquake was unusually powerful . their measurements suggest the earthquake occurred at a depth of 75 km . a fast-moving interesting bedtime read ... . . laid out before the reader are the suppurating wounds , scalds , tremors , and scars acquired by the earth over millennia , centuries , decades , or minutes .
also under the proposal , two of the other four populations would be listed as endangered and the remaining two would be listed as threatened . “it shows that when we take appropriate steps to protect whales , they can recover. thank you for your input ! successful conservation efforts recognized in revised esa humpback whale listing reclassification into 14 distinct population segments will provide more tailored management approach noaa ' s proposal to reclassify humpback whales into 14 distinct population segments will offer fisheries managers a more tailored conservation approach . she explained that efforts to bring the species back from the brink of extinction worked .
he ’ s weak on immigration. phoenix ( ap ) — republican presidential hopeful donald trump criticized u.s. immigration and trade policies on saturday in speeches that veered from accusing mexico of deliberately sending criminals across the border to professing respect for the mexican government and love for its people . " he quickly returned to the sharp tone that has brought him scorn as well as praise . ” basking in polls that show he has risen to the top of the crowded republican field , trump took obvious glee in mocking former florida governor jeb bush , the establishment favorite who is setting fundraising records .
it ' s that simple . " your body feels weak . " scurvy starts with lethargy so intense that people once believed laziness was a cause , rather than a symptom , of the disease , " price wrote . story_separator_special_tag scurvy doesn ' t just turn your skin yellow . for instance , they tend to eat less in space due to being very busy and menu fatigue . ... old wounds open ; mucous membranes bleed . there were strange sensory and psychological effects too . your joints ache . two voyages made by pedro de quiros early in the 17th century resulted in huge mortality from a sickness sir richard hawkins called , after his venture into the south seas , ' the plague of the sea , and the spoyle of mariners ' .
in previous robberies of jewelry stores , the woman also showed a gun and tied up workers at the stores with zip-ties . she hit that one for $ 40,000 . police are trying to figure out if the robberies were committed by the same woman . — cnn and wate-tv contributed to this report related link story_separator_special_tag mebane , n.c. anyone with information about the suspects is asked to call 1-800-call-fbi ( 225-5324 ) . the thief was described as wearing a blue or purple striped skirt , a lavender and black brimmed hat according to wjcl .
your browser does not support html5 video tag.click here to view original gif advertisement microsoft ' s pearly promise for surface was to pioneer a strange new kind of gadget : all the grace and leisure of a tablet , story_separator_special_tag story highlights microsoft ' s first tablet is beautifully designed outside but software still needs work one of the device ' s weakness is its small app selection the surface starts at $ 499 for a 32gb model when microsoft first demoed windows 8 at the wall street journal ' s d conference in june 2011 , it was instantly obvious that it wasn ' t a windows upgrade in the conventional sense .
goodman claims winfrey ' s yellow brick road company , the property ' s former owners and the town of mountain village made a secret deal to close access to the trails that cut across the land purchased for $ 10.9 million in march . highly successful tv and movie actresses don ’ t need to sue drug store chains because they tweeted a photo . retired physicist charles d. ” record scratch . ugh , this lawsuit gives me secondhand embarrassment like whoa . here are a few more … have a stadium full of seats , katie heigl .
al qaeda in iraq has been splitting its funds with al-nusra , he says . the merger was first reported by site , a washington-based group that tracks jihadist material online . and in syria , a stronger jabhat al-nusra would only further complicate the battlefield where western powers have been covertly trying to funnel weapons , training and aid toward more secular rebel groups and army defectors . by jamie dettmer . his boast will be seized on by the assad regime , which has story_separator_special_tag in this friday , jan. the state department added jabhat al-nusra to its list of designated foreign terrorist organizations in december .
' " said gold . i think once school starts , we ' re going to see a big increase . call-in number : 866-893-5722 update : last week , eva restaurant owner mark gold joined airtalk to discuss his new policy of giving customers who check their phones at the door a 5 percent discount on their bill . " for us , it ' s really not about people disrupting other guests . " i ' m guilty of it as well . that is until the interwebs got a hold of it . " i was shocked ...
story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
" the security in ben gurion and in israel is as good as it gets , " said jerusalem mayor nir barkat . " easa acted after the u.s. federal aviation administration prohibited american-based airlines from flying to the airport following a hamas rocket explosion nearby . " the real world is that there are things going on near airports all over the world . polish airline lot said it would suspend flights to israel through july 28. klm , alitalia and scandinavian airlines were among other european airlines that also canceled flights tuesday and wednesday . just watched faa bans flights to israel for 24 hours replay more videos ...
savino also called on the nfl “to step forward as a leader and develop uniform rules for their teams to ensure that all cheerleaders in every state received the employee pay and protections they deserve. ” both parties declined further comment . " when you look at the actual hours worked versus what krystal was paid , she only made $ 3.77 per hour , " pierce said . squad members featured in photo shoots are also eligible for an additional $ 400 payment per shoot . the jets cheerleaders scored a $ 325,000 settlement from gang green on wednesday in a new jersey court .
he also allegedly drank alcohol at work and worked while he was under the influence . driskill , the incoming president of the new mexico medical society , has not yet appealed the decision . follow frank on twitter . in one case , he wasn ' t present because he was having sex with another patient . he left moms-to-be to give birth unattended on multiple occasions ' within the past few years ' at lea regional medical center and was once late to work so delayed a c-section , the board said . he has been accused of having sex with several of his patients , including some who worked for his former practice , and of prescribing drugs to a girlfriend without proper medical records .
" soon forrest walked into his wife ' s hospital room with leo in his arms . the goal is to raise enough for a year so i can get a part-time job so leo doesn ' t have to be in daycare and i can help care for him . if it now sits at more than $ 160,000 and at one point was increasing by around $ 1000 every minute . he ' s lost a lot in two weeks . " it ' s not what i want , " forrest said . when the doctor came out , he said ' there ’ s a real problem with your son .
- news 6 has learned that the online auction site for the gun that george zimmerman used to shoot and kill trayvon martin that was open to the public was a fake auction and that a real auction for pre-qualified bidders only was underway privately . we ' re told roughly 7 verified users participated in the bidding war . " it still carries the case number from his trial in silver permanent marker , zimmerman said . ( see full tweet below. orlando , fla. a total of 42 bids were made . when first listing the gun , zimmerman wrote : " i am honored and humbled to announce the sale of an american firearm icon .
“i feel a heavy responsibility. benoit , probably not realizing that his fingers were actually typing something that would go up online in seconds , replied that “not women ’ s soccer , [ but ] women ’ s sports in general [ are ] not worth watching. i came up with three sentences , which currently read like this : " as a result of friday story_separator_special_tag you simply have to love seth meyers and amy poehler whenever they get together on tv to do one of their hilarious “really ? he had ” saturday night live-style segments .
" in that sense it ' s obviously frustrating , " he says . the great pyramid , or khufu ' s pyramid , is thought to have been constructed during the reign of pharaoh khufu between 2509 and 2483 bc . yet until now , despite centuries of study , no one knew this space was there . " we don ' t know whether this big void is horizontal or inclined ; we don ' t know if this void is made by one structure or several successive structures , " explained mehdi tayoubi from the hip institute , paris .
the denver police department said two of its officers were taken to the hospital with injuries . more than a dozen police cars and a helicopter pursued the vehicle . one clip shows the tractor crossing park avenue . by saturday morning , both had been treated and released . fox31 and channel 2 have reached out to the dpd for details regarding the circumstances of the chase . thank you . another witness reported the male suspect was apprehended and placed in an ambulance . please enable javascript to watch this video denver -- officers pursued a stolen tractor towing an attachment through central denver friday night .
" while oahu is at present still growing , after about 1.5 million years the force of groundwater will eventually triumph and the island will begin its descent to a low-lying topography , the researchers said . " more material is dissolving from those islands than what is being carried off through erosion . “nelson and his byu colleagues spent two months sampling both types of sources . ” “all of the hawaiian islands are made of just one kind of rock , ” nelson said . source : brigham young university image credits : brigham young university story_separator_special_tag provo , utah , dec.
with an approval rating that low , it is hard to find anything that is actually less popular than congress . simpson murder trial , said gallup ' s editor in chief frank newport . according to a cbs/new york times poll released last month , 33 percent of americans view socialism positively . just 10 percent of americans approve of the job congress is doing , fewer than at any previous point in gallup ' s nearly 40 years of polling . jacques demarthon/afp/getty images socialism it ' s a label than many of obama ' s critics have attempted to plaster on the president ' s re-election campaign like the scarlet a on hester prynne ' s dress .
“do you think that the right to vote is a racial entitlement ? , which said that its federal preclearance requirement , in section 5 of the law , had outlived its usefulness and that it imposed an unwarranted badge of shame on the affected jurisdictions . a lot better . “but times change. ” justice breyer looked to a different conflict . congress has not done so . more analysis soon . debo p. roberts jr. the vote seems quite likely to be five to four . recommended citation : tom goldstein , from the shelby county argument , scotusblog ( feb.
past ceremonies : the 28th first annual ig nobel prize ceremony happened on thursday , september 13 , 2018. this isn ' t your typical scientific gig . the volunteers were then asked to scratch one of their arms while looking at themselves in a mirror . " just like the $ 10 trillion prize accepted on stage by the winning scientists — it is a zimbabwean banknote with little value as a result of hyperinflation — many of this year ' s studies focused on perception and deception . about the ig ® nobel prizes the ig nobel prizes honor achievements that make people laugh , and then think .
had it worked as intended , it would have killed everyone around it and maimed everyone in the train carriage for life , he said . media story_separator_special_tag this will appear next to all of your comments this will not appear anywhere on newser ” the met assistant commissioner mark rowley , the uk ’ s most senior anti-terror police officer , said police were “chasing down suspects ” . hundreds of detectives and mi5 are investigating the attack , which took place at 08 : 20 bst on an eastbound train . parsons green station has since reopened .
in addition to the facebook campaign , the veterans of the vietnam war and the veterans coalition wrote a letter to spirit airlines tuesday . the new fees will range from $ 25 to $ 100 per carry-on bag , up from $ 20 to 45. for a database of airline fees and options , click here . is facebook the right channel to call for airline boycotts ? the page was initially started in 2010 when the airline announced it would begin charging for checked luggage . see also : 10 tech innovations that streamline air travel spirit airlines didn ' t respond to a request for comment .
" as the newspaper notes , the chocolates weren ' t the only treats purloined in germany this weekend : another trailer , this one packed with 30 tons of fruit juice , disappeared from wittenberg on saturday . police are unsure whether the theft had been planned or was opportunistic . of course , there was that time austrian police sniffed out — literally — more than 9 tons of stolen garlic stuffed into vans crossing the hungarian border . and a " spokesman told local media the perpetrators would have needed a truck of their own , not just a car , to be able to tow such heavy cargo .
swiftair , the private spanish company that owns the plane , confirmed it had lost contact with the md-83 operated by air algerie , which it said was carrying 110 passengers and six crew . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . french foreign minister laurent fabius said authorities believed flight ah5017 may have encountered bad weather after the pilot requested to change direction shortly after takeoff due to a storm . she could not give any further details . officials in mali and burkina faso gave conflicting accounts of locating the crash . we are awaiting additional information , " a spokesman for the u.s. planemaker said .
" at mississippi state , university president mark keenum said in a statement on the school ' s website sunday that the killing of sanderson was the first time a student had been shot on the campus . " those perpetuating these crimes will be apprehended and held accountable , " he said . campus police were notified of an incident in evans hall , a male dorm , at approximately 10 p.m. saturday , and arrived at the scene within one minute , according to dr. " but bounds stressed that university campuses are " very safe , with many precautions taken and systems in place to protect students .
sutherlin , ore. ( ap ) — police say a 37-year-old man was far from lovin ' it when workers at a mcdonald ' s restaurant in oregon refused to make him 30 double cheeseburgers and tried to destroy the golden arches . your notification has been saved . ___ information from : the news-review , http://www.nrtoday.com story_separator_special_tag close get email notifications on saphara harrell daily ! email notifications are only sent once a day , and only if there are new matching items . the sutherlin police department says he also grabbed a person ' s shirt and that a witness afraid for that person ' s life pulled out a gun .
the girl went outside and told her mom that the guy was hiding in her closet , police said . officers responded to reports of a burglary in progress on the 4900 block of ridgeview drive around 7 : 45 p.m. monday . a brief struggle ensued and lopez was taken into custody without further incident . kale williams is a san francisco chronicle staff writer . you may also text a tip to 274637 ( crimes ) using key word antioch . there were no injuries to any involved . upon fleeing she had left her four-year-old daughter behind in the house .
martin ’ s death . obama said . that includes me , " he said . " and when you think about why , in the african american community at least , there ’ s a lot of pain around what happened here , i think it ’ s important to recognize that the african american community is looking at this issue through a set of experiences and a history that -- that doesn ’ t go away . martin in february 2012. holder jr. mr. ” for black leaders who had beseeched the president to speak out — inundating
" the fda ' s long-awaited tanning device proposals are an important step that will help to reduce skin cancer diagnoses and deaths , " the american cancer society ' s cancer action network , which advocates in washington on health issues , said in a statement . the first proposed rule would restrict use of sunlamp products to individuals 18 and older . the fda is committed to protecting public health by informing consumers of the risks of indoor tanning . " once it spreads , almost nothing works ... some of the lamps can deliver 10 to 15 times the intensity of the midday sun , he said .
fake footage of fireworks on the fourth??? ” of course , it helps that bergeron has seen basically everything in his decades as an emmy-winning tv host , from “hollywood squares ” to “america ’ s story_separator_special_tag the annual independence day concert and fireworks show was held on the national mall july 4 , despite dense cloud cover that obscured the fireworks for some . learn more he ’ s not worried about potential rain . you don ’ t tense up . you can switch location on/off before each tweet and always have the option to delete your location history .
reports in several british sunday newspapers suggest there are allegations the military was involved and that information had been passed to the police by an army source . mr paul was driving when their hired mercedes crashed into a pillar in paris ' s pont de l ' alma tunnel . scotland yard said it was " scoping " the information and " assessing its relevance and credibility " . the inquest lasted more than three months and heard from 250 witnesses . a spokesman for dodi ' s father mohamed al fayed said he had no comment to make , but said he would be " interested in seeing the outcome " , adding that he trusted the met to investigate the information " with vigour " .
the journal‘s original publication of the map sparked nationwide outrage and thousands of angry comments . i don ’ t know whether the journal ’ s publisher janet hasson is a permit holder herself , but here ’ s how to find her to ask : ( update : uh oh – instapundit ’ s linked here . being included in this map does not mean the individual at a specific location is a responsible reporter or editor , just that they are a reporter or editor . welcome atlantic wire and yahoo ! hello sanctimony . thanks glenn .
it ’ s too early to suggest that ms is caused by food poisoning , but it does raise the possibility that the c. bebo , associate vice president of discovery research for the national multiple sclerosis society . jennifer linden , a microbiologist at weill cornell medical college in new york , presented the research at the 2014 asm biodefense and emerging diseases research meeting that is taking place in washington , d.c. epsilon toxin may be a trigger for ms ms is thought to result when genetically susceptible individuals are exposed to one or more environmental triggers .
at one point , aguilar told jose pinzon , the boy ’ s stepfather , that he had died . there was foam in his nose and medicinal cups of pink and red liquid near his story_separator_special_tag these crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to . aguilar ’ s other three children were the only people who knew yonatan was in the closet . los angeles ( cbsla ) — eleven-year old yonatan daniel aguilar weighed just 34 pounds when he was found dead , wrapped in a blanket , lying on a hard tile floor inside a bedroom closet in this small echo park home .
the aviation drama ended peacefully on the tarmac of larnaca airport on the island nation ' s southern coast with the surrender of a man identified by cypriot and egyptian authorities as seif eddin mustafa . he has been remanded in custody in cyprus for eight days . mr mustafa did not speak at his court appearance , but gave a victory sign as he was driven away by police . " egyptair flight possible charges include air piracy , kidnapping and threatening behaviour . egyptian prosecutors said mr mustafa should be handed over under a 1996 bilateral extradition treaty .
of the nearly 2.4 million new u.s. residents , 2 million moved to the south and west , while about 300,000 live in midwestern or northeastern states . california , florida and georgia all saw their populations grow by six figures . ( ap ) — it ' s official : florida has surpassed new york in population to become the third-most populous state in the union . north carolina slipped by michigan for the ninth spot on the list . by contrast , new york grew by only 51,000 over that time period . the other fastest-growing states from 2013 to 2014 were nevada and texas , which both had population increases of 1.7 percent .
a gunman entered the headquarters of dutch national broadcaster nos outside amsterdam on thursday and ... in video posted online by the dutch outlet nos shortly after the incident today , the young man in a suit is shown holding what appears to be a pistol with a silencer attached as he speaks to someone off camera for several minutes in a nos studio . drop it ! " . 29 , 2015. armed police then stormed into the studio and overpowered him . the man had demanded airtime , the station said . eventually , police can be heard entering the room and yelling at the man .
the infant was in a car seat in the back of the truck , which was parked outside the grandmother ' s residence , parker said . lumberton police department capt . police are looking for two suspects , but are not releasing additional information , parker said . [ crimestoppers : most wanted ] staff writer nancy mccleary can be reached at nmccleary@fayobserver.com or 910-486-3568. terry parker said tuesday . about 8 : 55 p.m. monday , police were notified that a dark gray 2014 ford f-150 crew cab pickup had been stolen from a home on the 1400 block of mimosa street , off north roberts avenue and about a quarter-mile from the police station on godwin street .
they are carriers of several parasites that are harmful to humans , one of which can lead to meningitis . , identified them as giant african snails . after they were intercepted by customs officials at the airport on july 1 , specimens were sent to a local u.s. department of agriculture lab and then on to usda mollusk specialists in washington for further examination . they can grow up to 8 inches ( 20 cm ) in length and may live up to 10 years in the wild , experts say . they also are commonly referred to as giant african land snails , west african snails , west african land snails or banana rasp snails .
" he elaborated by saying " i say it ' s insensitive that people go after guns and second amendment rights after the sandy hook shooting . ” in a post to his personal blog on monday , state sen. no , we don ’ t , ” he said . stacey campfield ( r ) displayed a photo of an “assault pressure cooker ” with the title “here comes feinstein again. 9 months ago love me some jon voight . well , not really. knoxville , tenn. wvlt asked campfield if had been appropriate to joke about crock pot bombs less than a week after terrorists used the improvised explosive devices in boston .
one is a pet , and the other was a stray . ” averill said the “vast majority ” of tests for lead in dogs in the area have been negative amid flint ’ s crisis with lead-tainted water . ( photo : michigan department of agriculture and rural development ) " ( the state ) does provide reportable disease/condition case information down to the county level , but cannot provide the specifics of those individual cases , " according to an email from jennifer holton , spokeswoman for the michigan department of agriculture and rural development .
using data and computer models , an international team of researchers estimated that less than six percent and perhaps as little as one percent of water found close to the earth ' s surface is renewable in a human lifetime . " this has never been known before , " says gleeson . " if properly managed it flows to rivers during times of drought so it ' s a valuable and strategic resource for mitigating the extreme impacts of climate on water availability . the study , led by dr. it can contain arsenic or uranium and is often more salty than seawater , he added .
— the severed foot found in a boot at the base of eldora mountain resort in june does not belong to a resort employee who has been missing since january , the boulder county coroner ’ s office said friday . story_separator_special_tag ryder johnson last seen on jan. but aside from the car , weeks of searching the area turned up no signs of johnson . mark spurgeon at 303-441-3615 . 17. boulder , colo. anyone with information that might be related to the investigation is asked to contact det . “i ' ve come to a place where you just push forward , he said , “you just search but you don ' t speculate , but i think it ' s better that way.
jurors found morrad ghonim guilty of the july 23 , 1992 first degree murder of victoria ghonim , shiara davila-morales , a spokeswoman for the los angeles county district attorney ’ s office , said davila-morales said the jury also found true the special circumstance allegations that ghonim solicited his wife ’ s murder and killed her by means of lying in wait , that he killed her for financial gain and that a handgun was used to commit the crime . he claimed he only got paid $ 5,000 . 16 to be arraigned . detectives followed a few leads , but the investigation went cold .
“i was , like , ‘yo , this doesn ’ t sound like anything that ’ s in my life , anything that ’ s me. diaz has said he takes responsibility for his past actions . the boston globe reports díaz adamantly denies the accusations from women who say he behaved inappropriately . ” so does sarah j. ” advertisement in april , the new yorker published an essay in which díaz revealed he was raped at age 8 and recounted the heavy toll the experience had taken on his relationships , acknowledging the many girlfriends he had betrayed and abandoned .
” he says in a video posted on may 21 , 2014 . “me , i ’ m trying to make it to work . i shoulda put him in the ditch. email notifications are only sent once a day , and only if there are new matching items . ride your little bicycle ! ” “isn ’ t that nice ? and again i am truly sorry for my extremely bad judgement … please except my apology thanks. they arrested him and charged him with reckless endangerment , a misdemeanor charge , and released him on $ 3,000 bond .
survey population the fukushima health management survey consists of a basic survey and 4 detailed surveys , namely , the thyroid ultrasound examination , comprehensive health check , mental health and lifestyle survey , and story_separator_special_tag fukushima study links children ' s cancer to nuclear accident enlarge this image toggle caption chris meyers/reuters/landov chris meyers/reuters/landov updated at 3 : 40 p.m. et a new analysis of data from fukushima suggests children exposed to the march 2011 nuclear accident may be developing thyroid cancer at an elevated rate . in the past year or children are particularly susceptible because their thyroids are growing rapidly .
it ' s always been a great generator of a wonderful atmosphere in stadiums and i would try to encourage them to sing , " he said . please turn on javascript . rich mkhondo also said vuvuzelas had worldwide appeal . " we did say that if any land on the pitch in anger we will take action . fifa has previously shrugged off complaints from broadcasters , players and coaches about the noise from the plastic horns that are being sold on every street corner in south african host cities . " a vuvuzela is now an international instrument .
police say a woman is facing charges following the discovery of a woman found tied to a bed in the basement of a north philadelphia home . he said he was getting no food and he was urinating in a bucket. it was at 11 : 54 p.m. friday when 35th district officers responded story_separator_special_tag by elizabeth hur philadelphia ( cbs ) - philadelphia police are investigating disturbing allegations of abuse after detectives freed a disabled man who was allegedly being held captive for his social security checks . sign up now ! jekyll and mr. hyde .
( ap ) — police say a pennsylvania man applying to become a state trooper has been arrested after saying during a polygraph pretest that he had sex with an underage girl four years ago . the story doesn ' t detail how the subject came up . she is now 19. story_separator_special_tag meadville , pa. 15 for his police cadet lie detector exam . online court records don ' t list an attorney for white , and he doesn ' t have a listed phone number . state police say 29-year-old joseph adam white , of hartstown , was at the meadville barracks jan.
story highlights britain ' s prince william and kate have released the third official portrait of prince george the photo shows george with his parents at their london residence , kensington palace the 8-month-old is traveling with his parents to new zealand and australia in april it is unclear which of their engagements he will be present at during their tour britain ' s duke and duchess of cambridge have released a family photo with their son prince george , a week ahead of their official visit to new zealand and australia . the couple must watch royal family portrait 03 : 02 just watched prince william talks fatherhood replay more videos ...
after a series of excavation works by historic england , st anne ’ s well was uncovered at a private farm in the area . and according to folklore , that well was cursed . the well was thought to be maintained by a priory of 12 local monks that were so successful , they even managed to turn a profit from the land , and the well grew “situated in a large field , it had become completely filled with earth due to years of arable ploughing . get daily updates directly to your inbox + subscribe thank you for subscribing !
phelps then cut a half-second off that time in the finals , finishing in a time of 1 : 56.50 that would have put him one hundredth of a second off the gold-medal pace at the 1996 games in atlanta and won him gold at any olympics prior to that . “he ’ s going to find out soon. for beijing , i wanted to do something nobody else had done . and there are others , yet , who aren ’ t even old enough to remember when phelps got his start , more than half his life ago .
” story_separator_special_tag wires ran from the suspect ' s jacket to his pants with something on his body under his coat , sources said . ullah at the mosque . “i can ’ t believe he would do anything like this. ’ ’ ullah was taken to bellevue hospital in manhattan , where he again spoke to investigators , law enforcement officials said . officials said he came to the united states on a type of visa for relatives of people already living legally in the country . 31 . but on monday morning , mr. police rushed to secure the scene and evacuate pedestrians .
verizon ' s shared data plans are available on june 28. a family of five will drop to $ 270 for five lines with a shared pool of 4gb , includes unlimited talk and text . verizon boasts that it listened to consumers and responded with an innovative service . the problem ? i would prefer you pay more per device . verizon answered . in may verizon stated they were going to completely change their wireless plan structure and i am blown away by how fast this is now rolling out . the benefit comes when large families sign up for a single plan , yielding some savings .
the north dakota senate approved two anti-abortion bills friday , one banning abortions as ... opponents of the bill in past hearings have pointed to federal law that protects abortions up to where an unborn child can survive outside the womb , approximately 24 weeks . nearly all of friday ’ s debate was centered on hb1305 , which passed by a 28-15 vote minutes earlier . north dakota state sen. ( associated press ) in this jan. gov . spencer berry , r-fargo , who spoke briefly in favor of hb1456 . jack dalrymple , would enact the earliest abortion restriction in the nation .
despite her complaints and a very public email-campaign to her a-list bffs , vanity fair editor-in-chief graydon carter has confirmed that his magazine is set to publish a blockbuster takedown piece revealing the true paltrow once and for all . " but it doesn ' t really exist anymore in l.a. unless they stay in . that ' s the nature of the beast . " well , she sort of forced my hand , " he explained . ( quotes via radar online. 13 . see our photo survey of the always regally attired goop goddess . i ’ m just weary of the phenomenon .
new york mayor michael bloomberg said on sunday that president barack obama is a " credible , formidable candidate " for reelection and praised rick perry and mitt romney for the very things that have hindered them in the republican presidential campaign . " yes , it is embarrassing , " warner said on cnn ' s " state of the union . ... lindsey graham ( r-s.c. debbie wasserman schultz , who was with him in the joint interview . " this has already been tested in a democratic district . " we cannot abide the situation where the haqqani
the unemployment rate held steady at 4.9 % as more americans jumped into the job market , pushing labor-force participation to its highest rate in a year . , right , and sabrina britt , of clarkston , ga. oil prices have tumbled amid relatively low demand . the 2.7 million workers hired in the past 12 months have bolstered spending on autos , housing and meals out . economists polled by marketwatch had forecast the addition of 198,000 nonfarm jobs . the government said 172,000 new jobs were created in january instead of the previously reported 151,000.
" in a statement , nbc confirmed it fired the employee responsible for first distributing the footage . ) but , as noted : the clip is funny and interesting ! and reminds us of what bryant gumbel and katie couric used to look like . ” not that it needs much unpacking , but just to be clear : nbc is saying , without actually saying so , that its position is that it canned the leaker for behavior beyond posting that single clip . it was reported on media-watching websites including all things digital and paidcontent in the clip , gumbel also complains about e-mail addresses , particularly " that little mark with the ' a ' and the ring around it .
he was held for an hour after customs agents saw in his diplomatic passport that he had been to iran in 2014. kjell magne bondevik , who served as prime minister of norway from 1997-2000 and 2001-05 , flew into the us from europe on tuesday afternoon to attend this week ’ s national prayer breakfast . " that should be enough for them to understand that i don ' t represent any problem or threat to this country and [ to ] let me go immediately , but they didn ' t . instead , it was related to a 2015 law signed by president obama .
" when she adopted elario , she started taking him to somerville ’ s apartment . he grew still as walker picked up his soggy tennis ball . 22 , somerville sued walker in pinellas county court . " this dog is everything to me , " walker told the tampa bay times . inside was elario , a black labrador with honey brown eyes . morel at [ email protected ] follow @lauracmorel . but a rift soon formed between the neighbors . contact laura c. on dec. judge lorraine kelly ’ s answer : walker and somerville must share custody , like divorced parents .
! ! never thought i ' d like it , since i ' m more of a vegetarian , but i have to say , i was pleasantly surprised . ran to the disgusting bathroom and crapped everywhere . thanks yelp for deleting my honest review .... probably would be better cooked ? sanders to another restaurant to continue taunting and harassing her . pasty whinny ass owner that loves commies . .the food stinks . the service is awful . karma . finally caught the hen and promptly gave its neck a quick spin . the waitress tried to sell me a dime bag and the dishwasher was selling hash out the back .
glickman said that given the extent of the charges against castro , mcginty should have no problem convincing a judge to give castro enough consecutive sentences for his crimes to keep him in prison for story_separator_special_tag a grand jury has issued a fresh indictment charging ariel castro with 977 counts relating to allegations that he held three women captive for about a decade in his cleveland home , the cuyahoga county prosecutor ' s office said friday . " do these young women want to testify ? they also believe proving aggravated murder may be difficult without sufficient physical evidence to support testimony from the women .
news that sheffield is planning to remove the memorial was a surprise to louis aragi , the farmer who believes the memorial is on his land , and thom reed , one of the four people who had a close encounter near the bridge on sept. " it ' s not right having nothing there . again . , as well as two black light posts . " this has come up more than once , " reed said . 1 , 1969. after that , reed isn ' t sure what happened . 1st , 1969 , which engaged the reed family , which has been established .
new hampshire ’ s laws require that the state ’ s primary be held on a tuesday , that it occur before any other primary ( but not necessarily any other caucus ) , and that there is a full week ’ s buffer between it and the next nomination contest . gardner has instead suggested dates of dec. chris christie to enter the race. ? ! 20 , would come too close to the christmas holiday , so mr. 14 from feb. 18. 13. again . 17. 27 , 2011. rick perry to gain a firmer footing as his campaign gains experience .
for six seasons of the show , in other words has allowed portlandia to film the saga of feminist bookstore owners toni and candace , played by carrie brownstein and fred armisen . portland is white but it ’ s not that damn white . we have black lives matter written on our window . like this : like loading ... and if you ’ re interested in volunteering , please contact us at scheduling@inotherwords.org . support our stance ? donate today so we can continue to serve as a hub for portland ’ s social justice community – any amount helps !
india ' s central government had said it stopped setting targets for sterilizing women in the 1990s . “if they follow the guidelines , then sterilization is a very safe method of contraception story_separator_special_tag new delhi ( ap ) — eight indian women have died and 20 others were in critical condition tuesday after undergoing sterilization surgeries in a free government-run program to help slow the country ' s population growth . s.k . mandal . " we are now concentrating on treating them , not on what caused this . he said the quota for bilaspur district for the year was around 12,000.
" by 2003 , the episcopal church elected its first openly gay bishop , a move that critics say triggered a major schism . the compromise means that same-sex weddings may occur after nov. in resolutions adopted here at the denomination ’ s general convention meeting in salt lake city this week , the bishops have endorsed new liturgies or services for same-sex couples wishing to marry in church . " that mutual care was present in the conversations we had . " the episcopal church vote comes on the heels of a june 26 supreme court decision legalizing same-sex marriage in all 50 states and a dramatic shift in public support for the change .
is it a question of being suave ? " elba also confirmed that talks with bond producers have " never happened , " and blamed the man currently brandishing the license to kill for sparking the gossip . oyelowo , like most audio book narrators , will voice multiple characters , but still tells the guardian , “i am officially the only person on planet earth who can legitimately say : ‘i am the new james bond ’ – even saying that name is the cinematic equivalent of doing the ‘to be or not to be ’ speech.
, the world average rank is 0.56.here are the five countries with the highest ( that is , worst ) scores on the 2008 gender inequality index , the most recent ranking available.this small country in the southwest arabian peninsula earned a gender inequality index rank of 0.853 , the highest of any studied by the u.n. a 2009 amnesty international report highlighted the " violence and discrimination " faced by many yemeni women.the congo ranked 0.814 on the gender inequality index . some researchers focus on humanitarian issues , others on educational attainment and literacy rates . perfect equality is zero , perfect inequality is 1.
" camila wants to get married in brazil with her family all around , " a close friend of hers divulges to life &amp; style . us weekly first reported that the singer had proposed . after four years together ( and two kids ! ) , i was taken aback by britney ' s ... well , at least it would seem that way . timberlake and biel began dating in 2007. maturity . " she misses the food and the people there , so she ' s planning a big , beautiful brazilian wedding .
dutch ruppersberger , the top democrat on the house intelligence committee , on sunday defended president barack obama ’ s much-criticized thursday remark that when it comes to taking on the islamic state extremist group in syria , “we don ’ t have a strategy yet. ” feinstein said she agrees with an op-ed by republican sens . mike rogers ( r-mich. read more about : john mccain , isil story_separator_special_tag rep. ” specifically , mccain urged the obama administration to provide more weapons to kurdish fighters in iraq and to expand the u.s. military airstrikes in iraq to syria .
“people don ’ t realize it ’ s not just on oysters , this bacteria is in the water . he faces his 6th surgery thursday to repair his damaged and infected leg . story_separator_special_tag lenny and joann buck wanted to spend their 24th wedding anniversary at the beach in baldwin county , but the georgia couple ' s vacation plans now include the hospital . it attacks the immune system and can destroy feet , hands and anywhere there is an open wound . do you need a headache diary ? shake that stubborn cough ! ( more : what turned this river red ?
the protesters are angry with the government ' s economic policies and the country ' s high youth unemployment rate . " there is no renovation . in madrid , some 25,000 protesters occupied a main square . tents and mattresses , armchairs and sofas , a canteen , portable toilets and solar panels have sprung up in a remarkable display of organisational prowess . " this is an absolute attack on what little state welfare we had . not just freedom for bankers . " the political parties were worse still , she said . and the mass of people jostling around , each pursuing their own dream or demand , or just watching others doing the same , seemed more like something transported from the arab spring in north africa than from europe .
" adam and teresa mayes are charged with killing joann bain and her 14-year-old daughter , adrienne , in the bain ' s tennessee home in order to kidnap the two younger girls , according to affidavits filed in the murder charges . a call seeking comment from teresa mayes ' attorney wasn ' t immediately returned . authorities on tuesday said they were searching ... ( associated press ) this undated photo provided by the hardeman county ( miss. the bodies of jo ann and alexandria he takes the place on the fbi ' s infamous wanted list of boston mob boss james " whitey " bulger who was captured last year .
it has also been updated to reflect that rick perry ' s spokesman declined to comment saturday . the video below is not a full version of his remarks . now , we ' re not saying that he ' s definitely drunk , we ' re just saying , watch the whole thing . " it was different , " manchester mayor ted gatsas told huffpost after the speech . it is a carefully edited montage designed to highlight the giddiest and strangest moments of a roughly 25-minute speech . really good . the owner of the youtube account , charliejohnson1986 , did not respond to a message sent to the account .
narrowing the focus to likely voters who watched the debate , clinton led trump 44 percent to 39 percent . national opinion polls have differed this year in how they measure support for clinton and trump . i don ’ t think she did well at all. the reuters/ipsos tracking poll gathers responses every day and reports results twice a week , so it often detects trends in sentiment before most other polls . ” clinton campaign spokesman jesse ferguson said the democrat clearly won the debate as trump “was unprepared , became unhinged and was incoherent throughout.
the strains are clones . kema explains : ' the cavendish banana is very susceptible to tr4 . cubense fungus . large areas of banana plantations in countries such as jordan , mozambique , china , the philippines , pakistan and australia are no longer suitable for banana farming , as they have become infested with the panama disease fungus . plos pathog 11( 11 ) : e1005197 . https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1005197 editor : donald c. acuminata and m. balbisiana ) and subsequent selection of diploid and triploid seedless clones [ 2,3 ] . bananas evolved in the indo-malayan archipelago thousands of years ago .
the ’ 94 accord ’ s lack of security features and its popularity as the main reasons why the car is so frequently stolen . ” for more on key code thefts , watch this video . a logo of honda motor co is pictured at a honda dealer in kawasaki , south of tokyo last month . there is some good news though in that overall , thefts are decreasing . airbnb adopts new anti-discrimination : do they go far enough ? by employing these simple , low-cost suggestions , people can make their vehicles less attractive to thieves .
researchers excavated the fragile plaster of paris sphinx from the dunes in 2014 , and let it dry for several months before art restorers used elmer ' s glue to piece it back together . tickets are $ 25 and can be purchased online at dunescenter.org . demille and his film crew . in guadalupe is open wednesday through sunday , 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. less than a mile south of the santa barbara-san luis obispo county line sits a blue house with a secret : inside rests a 92-year-old headless sphinx . the ten commandments exhibit featuring a sphinx body and other artifacts will be on display at the guadalupe-nipomo dunes center starting saturday , june 13.
" at no point does barnes try to stop the child from playing with the gun , " police said . barnes and wilson were in custody and not available for comment . authorities in evansville said on friday they found the video on the phone of michael barnes , 19 , who was arrested thursday after he agreed to sell a handgun to an undercover officer through a transaction made on social media , evansville police said in a statement . investigators went to he was caught by a vanderburgh county k-9 unit a short distance away . he was arrested for resisting law enforcement with a weapon , carrying a handgun without a permit , and carrying a handgun without a permit within 500 feet of a school .
@iwishbluehair tweeted , " aubrey plaza and will ferrell should work together more often . story_separator_special_tag add a location to your tweets when you tweet with a location , twitter stores that location . plaza wasn ' t supposed to join the funnyman at all , and the whole back-and-forth was unscripted . on sunday night ( april 14 ) , something inspired actress aubrey plaza to storm the stage while will ferrell was accepting his comedic genius golden popcorn at the 2013 mtv movie awards . #movieawards . " the moment seemed to amuse many tuning in to the show .
foley and mr. ( peter ) kassig , who adopted the name abdul-rahman , according to his family , who learned of his conversion in a letter smuggled out of the prison . bontinck said . those recently released said that most of the foreigners had converted under duress , but that mr. " and this is not a thing of the past : this is happening right now . published on dec 14 , 2011 in early april 2011 , journalist james foley was apprehended on a libyan battlefield and found himself in a tripoli jail .
these estimates aren ' t very exact , the real story_separator_special_tag groundbreaking assessment of all life on earth reveals humanity ’ s surprisingly tiny part in it as well as our disproportionate impact humankind is revealed as simultaneously insignificant and utterly dominant in the grand scheme of life on earth by a groundbreaking new assessment of all life on the planet . version= " 1.0 " encoding= " utf-8 " ? fungi — yeast , mold and mushrooms — make up about 2 percent . humans and their cattle , pigs , story_separator_special_tag in this april 11 , 2018 , file photo , two boys push their scooters through a park with green blossoming trees in frankfurt , germany .
his songs included turn ! in 2009 , he was at a gala concert in the us capital ahead of president obama ' s inauguration as president . " over the years , pete used his voice - and his hammer - to strike blows for worker ' s rights and civil rights ; world peace and environmental conservation . media playback is unsupported on your device media caption one of pete seeger ' s best known songs is where have all the flowers gone ? ” although he recorded dozens of albums , mr. seeger disappeared from commercial television until the late 1960s .
shark spotters employed by the local council said mr cohen often swam at the beach and had been warned in the past about the presence of sharks . paramedics stabilised him before he was airlifted to hospital in constantia , where he underwent surgery . please help me ’ . “he was well known to all of us because he was a regular swimmer here , ” said mr sikweyiya . he is also thought to have lived in chiswick , west london . we asked him his name and he said : ' michael . he was still compos mentis but very white .
” obama and his aides often say that women earn 77 cents for every dollar men earn , which compares the annual earnings of women working full-time jobs over the course of a year with the earnings of men working the same amount of time . “it ’ s important because right now workers are left in the dark about wage disparity information. view “we don ’ t have second-class citizens in this country , ” obama said . a senate vote on that act , slated for tuesday , would extend the order ’ s requirements to most other employers .
tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets , such as your city or precise location , from the web and via third-party applications . learn more story_separator_special_tag billboard newsletters get our music news in your inbox daily . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history . by clicking submit , i agree to the terms of use and privacy policy
a rep for mccartney said that story_separator_special_tag paul mccartney filed a lawsuit against sony/atv music publishing , seeking a court ’ s declaration that he can reclaim outright many of his the beatles compositions from the 1960s and 70s . the works at issue include some of the beatles ’ best known songs , including “yesterday , ” “hey jude , ” “let it be , ” “love me do , ” “p.s . artists such as bob dylan , tom petty and prince have used the mere threat of termination to negotiate new deals and better compensation arrangements .
bush ’ s policies would cure a slump that began on mr. romney ' s tax plan proposes to cut tax rates by 20 percent . what ’ s holding us back is mainly the continued weakness of housing combined with a vast overhang of household debt , the legacy of the bush-era housing bubble . on " 60 minutes " last night , mitt romney said it again . evan vucci/ap before we get to that admission , a quick refresher . ” are you feeling reassured ? and he has denounced the fed ’ s belated effort to step up to the plate .
chris christie faces a new problem : a citizen ' s criminal complaint filed against him in fort lee municipal court . " i ' m satisfied that there ' s probable cause to believe that an event of official misconduct was caused by gov . the feds declined to prosecute christie and instead put two of his former cronies on trial — ex-port authority exec bill baroni and ex-christie deputy bridget anne kelly . but grewal brian thompson reports . 24. as testimony in the george washington bridge lane-closing trial continues past its first week , new ...
" the shield " actor michael jace remains in custody after the fatal shooting of his wife . once , bitterman said , jordan called her and was “inconsolably sobbing. “his attitude seemed to have changed about fatherhood with the help of his new involvement in christianity , ” bitterman said . both boys are younger but they did not go well . “he ’ s a really good kid , ” neighbor tony wren , 70 , said . ” the child was 6 months old at the time . ” she said jace refused to drive him home .
he denies tesla ' s claim that he ' s a hacker and says the company intimidated and harassed him after he was fired . balan began working for tesla as an engineer in 2010. business insider in early august , a former tesla process technician , martin tripp , countersued the company . tripp took his claims to the sec and filed a whistleblower tip . if you are a tesla employee or customer who has a story to share about a car or experience with the company , give me a shout at llopez@businessinsider.com .
the federal law recognizes marriages only between a man and a woman , and kennedy said that ignores states “which have come to the conclusion that gay marriage is lawful. windsor ' s lawyers justice anthony m. correction : an earlier version of this story misattributed some comments made by chief justice john roberts to justice antonin scalia . hundreds more waited patiently in line for a chance at the handful of seats in the courtroom allocated to the public . " a few minutes later , a beaming ghandakhy was headed inside . on tuesday , when considering an appeals court ’ s decision that overturned california ’ s voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage , the justices seemed to be looking for the narrowest way possible to resolve the case .
it ' s hard to believe we ’ re looking at an asteroid . astronomers will continue observing p/2013 p5 to see whether the dust leaves the asteroid in the " even more amazing , its tail structures change dramatically in just 13 days as it belches out dust . news : dying space rock : asteroid-comet hybrid discovered the asteroid belt , that is located between the orbits of mars and jupiter , is home to a huge population of asteroids . jewitt leads a team whose research paper appears online in the nov. 27. 10.
30 , 2014 , file photo , actress lindsay lohan performs a scene from the play , " speed the plow , " during a photocall at the playhouse theatre in central london . she said she wore a headscarf in turkey out of " personal respect . and considering that they ’ re now casting leads like emma watson , it makes what you ’ re about to read all the more goddamn ridiculous . help ! look at how far ariel can open her mouth . ( associated press ) file - in this sept. lohan told the daily mail ...
friday morning ladue school officials said if a junior does not make the varsity team , the boy cannot play again on the junior varsity team . story_separator_special_tag close get email notifications on kim bell daily ! st. sports . the judge plans to decide on monday . it depends on how many kids go out for a certain sport and how many spots are on the team . the lawyer for john doe also introduced documents that he said show players performance ratings given by coaches show that john doe is better than some of the boys who made varsity .
it comes after tough talks with creditors , and eu leaders have warned that a " no " vote could see greece leave the eurozone . the image , taken in thessaloniki by afp ' s sakis mitrolidis , was widely shared on social media as soon as it was published . a greek court has rejected a challenge to the legality of the referendum , in which people will vote on the terms of further international loans . it is a complicated story , and here at wonkblog , we ' ve tried to give you a clear sense of what ' s going on and what ' s next .
" the ceremony took place at at the langham hotel in eastbourne , east sussex , where the couple live . doreen was born in brixton in september 1923 and spent mr george kirkby and ms doreen luckie , 91 , were married on saturday - the day of mr kirkby ’ s 103rd birthday . in pictures : marriage equality rally in sydney 15 show all in pictures : marriage equality rally in sydney 1/15 sydney equal marriage rally demonstrators make a love heart sign with their hands in a signal for marriage equality getty images 2/15 sydney equal marriage rally police direct demonstrators to stop making chalk inscriptions on the road during the rally getty images 3/15 sydney equal marriage rally crowds gather at taylor square during the demonstration getty images 4/15 sydney equal marriage rally greens senator sarah hanson-young addresses the crowds at taylor square getty images 5/15 sydney equal marriage rally christine forster ( r ) and her partner virginia edwards address the demonstrators in taylor square getty images 6/15 sydney equal marriage rally police attempt to stop demonstrators making chalk inscriptions on oxford street during the rally getty images 7/15 sydney equal marriage rally christine forster and her partner virginia edwards join the demonstrators in sydney getty images 8/15 sydney equal marriage rally the crowds gathered in taylor square in support of a free vote on marriage equality getty images 9/15 sydney equal marriage rally joyce maynge poses in the crowd during the demonstration getty images 10/15 sydney equal marriage rally a demonstrator holds up a placard urging the government to call for a free vote on marriage equality getty images 11/15 sydney equal marriage rally a demonstrator advances through sydney beneath a rainbow flag epa 12/15 sydney equal marriage rally a demonstrator carries a flag urging the australian government to follow the lead of ireland epa 13/15 sydney equal marriage rally demonstrators join the crowds in sydney rallying in favour of equal marriage epa 14/15 sydney equal marriage rally demonstrators in sydney kiss during the rally in support of equal marriage getty images 15/15 sydney equal marriage rally demonstrators carry a flag urging the australian government to follow ireland ' s lead with a vote on equal marriage getty images george said : " it ' s about time , really .
it ’ s an understatement to say it wasn ’ t a great situation . emergency services rescue paul nicholls after he was trapped for three days in a thai jungle when paul was found he was semi-conscious and had hypothermia the villager spotted a seemingly abandoned motorbike the actor had used to travel to the remote beauty spot on the island of koh samui . “i am lucky to be alive , ” nicholls said , according to the sun . most read in tv &amp; showbiz gemma pulls a gorka strictly fury as gemma atkinson dates rival alexandra burke ' s partner mum ' s the word eastenders ' luke browning finally learns that kathy is ben mitchell ' s mum glee star guilty glee actor mark salling pleads guilty to possession of child pornography love thy neighbour neighbours ' olympia valance confirms secret dates with 1d ' s niall horan ' i ' m happy again ' rio ferdinand opens up on new love kate as he ' s seen without wedding ring it ’ s over ( again ) towie ’ s megan mckenna and pete wicks split as her music career takes off nicholls made his eastenders debut in 1996 as character joe wicks not known refer to copyright holder paul has most recently appeared in the channel 4 tv show - ackley bridge hospital medics on the island last night described the actor as seriously ill after he contracted a bug during his hell .
" story_separator_special_tag two lawsuits filed in federal court thursday aim to shut down colorado ' s regulated marijuana industry , claiming that the state ' s recreational marijuana laws are in violation of federal law . " new vision is ... the group is led by james wootton , a former reagan department of justice appointee . lewis koski . colorado state rep. 1 , 2014. but going a step beyond simply suing the state , the plaintiffs -- phillis windy hope reilly , michael p. and state hospital officials have reported hearing from a growing number of adults and children who have consumed marijuana products , whose potency can be hard to judge .
the rapper issued missives that can ' t be reprinted here , but the implications included that palin should be raped by a gang of black men . " palin , 52 , responded tuesday morning on twitter and facebook . recently , she declared she ' s voting for donald trump , because " donald trump is evil like america is evil and in order for america to keep up with itself it needs him . ! ! crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . doubtful . why are they fighting , you ask ? banks ’ new album , “slay-z , ” was released on march 24 .
a palestinian teen was reportedly abducted and killed near his home in jerusalem on wednesday , apparently in revenge for the deaths of three kidnapped jewish israelis buried just hours earlier . mohammed abu khdair ' s father says he hopes his son ' s burial can still take place on thursday . the crime , which brought strong condemnations from the obama administration and european officials , threatened to throw the conflict between israelis and palestinians beyond the control of leaders who were calculating how to respond to the last outrage without further escalating tensions on the ground .
trump on the right to keep and bear arms the second amendment to our constitution is clear . immigration reform that will make america great again the three core principles of donald j. the costs for the united states have been extraordinary : u.s. story_separator_special_tag new york ( ap ) — republican presidential front-runner donald trump on monday proposed eliminating income taxes for millions of americans , and lower rates for the highest-income earners , as part of a plan he said would grow the u.s. economy at a pace not seen in years . protecting that freedom is imperative .
" one of the tenets of the faith is the preservation of life under all circumstances , " the parents ' motion says . lee said . “when someone sets a time and date to die , that is considered as a suicide and sin , ” rev . now , it ' s up to lee . the key questions are whether lee wants to pull the plug and whether she ’ s competent to decide . this is just awful. after an emergency hearing story_separator_special_tag they rushed to court sept. he also pointed out that she has no hope for recovery .
( cnn ) for the first time , a resident of " sesame street " is experiencing homelessness -- and the hope is that her story can help sweep the clouds away for the growing number of young children in the united states without homes to call their own . she was originally described as being food-insecure because her family lacked consistent access to food . through its new initiative , sesame offers a variety of free , bilingual materials specifically developed to help children who are experiencing homelessness , which often involves an ongoing cycle of physical , emotional , and psychological distress .
but he added , “whatever one ’ s definition of marriage , legally recognizing gay and lesbian couples and their children is a victory for basic fairness. he has an essay in the nyt on the subject as well . he said he still held that conviction . will this strategy work ? click here for the audio . i ’ d like to explain why . ” photo mr. and i think many involved in this intellectual combat can be proud of themselves for maintaining greater civility than exists in many other emotional , personal debates .
story_separator_special_tag afghan policemen wounded in a complex taliban attack on the campus of the american university in the afghan capital kabul on wednesday , aug. some students were crying , others were screaming. “i finished my class and was about to leave when i heard a few gunshots and a huge explosion , followed by more gunfire , ” he said . reuters/omar sobhani car bomb ahmad mukhtar , another student who fled the scene , said the gunmen had got into the university buildings despite security measures including three or four armed guards and watchtowers .
>> it ' s a plant whichproduces both tomatoes and potato . the plant was created by supernaturals grafted vegetables using grafting -- not to be confusing with genetic engineering . vigorous rootstock enables more effective uptake of water and nutrients , and increases plants ' resistance to pests or disease and tolerance to temperature extremes and drought . the only time tomatoes andpotato should meet is at the bottom of a styrofoam clamshell . you always see them growingbut you never see them eat . 1 conversation starter of northwest garden parties this summer . jim . cottage grove , oregon-based wholesale nursery log house plants licensed the dual tomato-potato from europe .
is it true that some books tell a story that no matter which way hollywood cuts it , it just won ' t work as a movie ? ' " mulligan learned of luhrmann ' s casting choice at last night ' s cfda awards in new york , an event also attended by ' gatsby ' hopeful blake lively . what adaptation are you praying never happens ? name your favorite unfilmables below ! okay , now forget again . books and movies have gone hand-in-hand since hollywood ' s very beginnings . and , some of hollywood ' s worst mistakes have come from books : remember " the scarlet letter " and jim carrey as the grinch .
she ’ s still pitching her book , still hoping someone will come out and see her when she shows up at a signing , but bristol palin isn ’ t able to pack ' em in the way she used to — if a recent classified ad on craigslist was any measure . please do not contact job poster about other services , products or commercial interests . location : washington , dc principals only . story_separator_special_tag starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive . even the conservative dc newspaper the examiner noted that the ad was “an attempt to entice fans to attend the event.
” - jemima kirke , “jessa johansson ” “i think i ’ m going to miss her , more than i ’ m going to miss playing her , if that makes sense . even though there was a lot of controversy swirling around the show all the time the show itself was very calm and fun … i hope we ’ ve shown how some people evolve , and some people evolve less. ” - judd apatow , girls executive producer story_separator_special_tag focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow ( as opposed to broad or wide ) web crawls , often focused on a single domain or subdomain .
police said two of the victims died after being run over by a car as people escaped from the scene . story_separator_special_tag at least three people have been killed and nearly 30 hospitalized in a mass brawl at a moscow cemetery . interfax said participants used shovels , shovel handles , steel bars and baseball bats and also fired non-lethal handguns . they were met by migrants who worked there - privately hired by families of deceased people . four of them are in critical condition . more than 90 people were arrested , according to police . the entire cemetery was reportedly left covered in brick debris , with bullet casings scattered everywhere .
" we don ' t have people that become ill , who die in their apartment because they don ' t have insurance , " romney said , repeating a claim he made last month on 60 minutes . enacted in 2010 , the affordable care act has implications both for coverage and utilization of health care as well as the relationship of public health to the general health care system . mitt romney appears to have altered his position on the obamacare ban on denying insurance to people with pre-existing conditions in an interview with the columbus dispatch editorial board .
she said she didn ’ t want to bother cyr or cause her any pain , but asked how she could get in touch with the investigators in charge of yohanna ’ s case . “and i got very , very scared. cyr brought baby photos and clothing to the police to open a file , but they went missing a decade later . walking down rochon st. first published on friday aug. cyr never saw yohanna again . 15. it looks so much like her biological father , and like me . there was no body , no evidence that he story_separator_special_tag update , oct.
irving police announced wednesday that they had notified ahmed ’ s family friday that the clock could be picked up any weekday at police headquarters . “there ’ s a problem when you have a 14-year-old child arrested in school and basically humiliated in front of his classmates , his teachers , his friends and basically the whole world , ” said bowers . 16 . he ’ ll work on ahmed ’ s case with reggie london , whose dallas firm typically deals with drunken-driving charges , traffic tickets and other criminal defense cases . the mohamed family received an outpouring of support — including from president obama and mark zuckerberg — as well as intense criticism .
this decision is required by south carolina code section 59-150-230( c ) ( 3 ) ( a ) which provides that prizes arising from a ticket produced or issued in error must not be paid . and on christmas day no less . the state lottery said the greece-based company failed to run adequate quality assurance testing prior to deploying the game . " we were able some customers caught on to the anomaly and bought as many as they could . box 11039 columbia , sc 29211-1039 include your name and return address . starting at 5 : 51 p.m. last dec.
the visits amount to what could total dozens of hours of interviews between mueller ' s prosecutors and manafort since he finalized his plea agreement . among the questions , investigators have asked manafort about his dealings with russians , according to one source familiar with the matter . the new ruling no longer gives them that option . manafort , appearing visibly grayer , was pushed into court in a wheelchair , missing his right shoe . oct. trump attorneys declined to comment for this story . other help the story_separator_special_tag breaking news emails get breaking news alerts and special reports .
as you may know , jim is a passionate advocate of gun-control and i respect both his politics and his opinion , but i ' m baffled by this sudden announcement as nothing seen in this picture wasn ' t in the screenplay eighteen months ago . with graduation looming and uncertain what to do , dave decides to start the world ' s first superhero team with mindy . learn more story_separator_special_tag jim carrey has distanced himself from the upcoming universal release " kick-ass 2 " because of its violent content . my apologies to e — jim carrey ( @jimcarrey ) june 23 , 2013 i meant to say my apologies to others involve with the film .
12 , 2018 , photo , environmental protection agency administrator scott pruitt attends a meeting with state and local officials and president donald trump about infrastructure in the state dining ... two house democrats asked an agency watchdog earlier wednesday to review epa ' s " blanket waiver " policy . we ’ ve had some incidents on travel dating back to when i first started serving in the march-april timeframe , ” pruitt said during an interview at the new hampshire union leader on tuesday.“we live in a very toxic environment politically , particularly around issues of the environment , ” said pruitt , who confirmed he flew first class from the washington area to boston to reach new hampshire.“we ’ ve reached the point where there ’ s not much civility in the marketplace and it ’ s created , you know , it ’ s created some issues and the ( security ) detail , the level of protection is determined by the level of threat.
“it might be for a short period , ” morningstar equity analyst ali mogharabi said of the prospect of mayer ’ s staying on . “she started out with just so much interest and enthusiasm and and excitement … and the last year or two have been tremendously disappointing , ” he said . it ’ s important to me to see yahoo into its next chapter , ” a position she reiterated in a cnbc interview monday morning , although she also said she was “open minded ” about the future . yahoo will continue as an independent
watch the powerful psa from sandy hook promise below : story_separator_special_tag sandy hook promise is a national non-profit organization founded and led by several family members whose loved ones were killed at sandy hook elementary school on december 14 , 2012. evan and the mystery girl scratch flirtatious messages back and forth , and evan tries to find out who his secret pen pal is . in the dec. ” the ad says , “gun violence is preventable when you know the signs. your actions can save lives . starting in 1996 , alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive .
but he is shy and no libido has been noticed in him , " he said . the breeding of tigers in the zoo is very important for several reasons , say veterinary officers . the last time a tiger cub was bred in the zoo was more than a decade ago . " mating is a biological need of any living being and it is required to stay healthy . they may harm their partner if they get over excited or angry about alipore zoo has five tigresses and only three tigers . seven-eight-year-olds also succeed . when some officials have taken the initiative now , the age and the attitude of the tigers does not permit that .
“at the time that he stopped me , i was a federal prosecutor . 20 , 2014 , in ferguson , ... the trip also underscored the priority to the obama administration of civil rights in general and the michael brown case in particular . ’ i ’ m angry and upset . attorney general eric holder told residents of ferguson , missouri — the scene of heated protests since the death of an unarmed teen — that he understands their mistrust of law enforcement , saying as a black man , he too has been confronted by police .
" we apologise to all our customers and followers on twitter in ireland and hope that they will forgive our mistake . " right now someone in starbucks ireland is wishing there was a twitter version of the memory wipe thing from men in black , " was just one of the responses tweeted soon after . " the error comes months after another global brand , nike , found itself on the back foot after falling foul of sensitivities over irish history . learn more inviting followers on twitter to " show us what makes you proud to be british " as part of a diamond jubilee promotion must have seemed like a good idea at the time at starbucks .
it ' s unclear what impact the latest attack could have on the international response to nigeria ' s fight with boko haram , which so far has concentrated on helping the government rescue 276 schoolgirls abducted on april 14. must watch malala : ' girls in nigeria are my sisters ' 01 : 37 just watched reporter : uncle was kidnapped in nigeria replay more videos " as many as 300 people were killed in the attack , according to local newspapers . they were kidnapped more than three weeks ago by islamist boko haram militants from their boarding school in the north-eastern state of borno .
however , their mandate is limited to determining the use of chemical weapons and not who used them . us president barack obama says he is considering military action against syria after intelligence reports that 1,429 people were killed on 21 august . " it ' s a step that is set to turn an international crisis into a fierce domestic political battle there are key questions looming over the debate : what did u.n. weapons inspectors find in syria ? robert menendez said . " while i believe i have the authority to carry out this military action without specific congressional authorization , i know that the country will be stronger if we take this course , and our actions will be even more effective , " he said .
" the whole courtroom was laughing . but the judge wasn ' t amused.in fact , the judge found the move disrespectful -- and lashed out at johnson ... johnson then was handcuffed and hauled away to jail . she quickly filed for divorce after barely a month of marriage and johnson , a six-time pro bowl wide receiver , was immediately released by the miami dolphins . i ' m not going to accept these plea negotiations . lozada stars on vh-1 ' s " basketball wives " tv show . is there something funny about this ? the court erupted with laughter ....
sheriff ’ s swat team members and deputies from multiple stations surrounded the store as crisis negotiators and special enforcement bureau deputies communicated with the man , in an effort to persuade him to surrender , officials said . dozens of cars were in the plaza ' s parking lot when the situation began . https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152031789174614&set=a.440942949613.222741.72391084613&type=1 refresh this page for updates . shortly before 7 p.m. 29 , 2013. waterman . , the ralphs was evacuated . it was previously reported that the store involved in the barricade is a verizon location , but rather , it belongs to connect wireless , a third-party vendor that sells verizon products , according to a verizon wireless spokesman .
in december , 2012 , in an effort to keep down long-term interest rates , particularly mortgage rates , the federal story_separator_special_tag it wasn ' t the debut janet yellen had hoped for . six months after that would be april or may . photo : getty images . ” markets sold off . go away. that was a remarkably dumb conclusion for investors to draw from a press conference that had otherwise been at pains to say that the expected policy track was unchanged . ’ so i , you know , this is the kind of term it ’ s hard to define .
chargers " need space to breathe " because they generate heat while in use , according to the hamden fire department . goodbye , cell phone . , family experienced in 2015 when a teen ' s phone caught fire and torched his bed and pillow . image 2 of 4 image 3 of 4 image 4 of 4 police warn against the danger of sleeping with ... but place your phone on the nightstand , just in case . pic.twitter.com/uwd3pxgvqf — nypd 33rd precinct ( @nypd33pct ) february 16 , 2016 those photos really do drive home the point , don ' t they ?
i appreciate what peta does , but when they take it too far , they really take it too far . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . that way , as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web , a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.then the internet archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken , or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page ' s authors.the goal is to fix all broken links on the web .
must watch health workers infected with coronavirus 03 : 01 just watched how is dangerous new virus spreading ? the two cases reported sunday were a 42-year-old woman and a 2-year-old girl who are close contacts of the man , the who said . replay more videos ... until we answer these questions , we are empty-handed when it comes to prevention . half of them have died . but symptoms , which include fever and a cough , are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . of the 53 known infections with the virus , 30 have resulted in death since september 2012 , the organization said .
and he ' s expected to propose creating a new , ideological test for admission to the country that would assess a candidate ' s stances on issues like religious freedom . the media protects hillary ! trump is right that most of the media want him to lose , but then that was also true of george w. they never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm . bush and ronald reagan . — donald j. " the tweet said . mr. 13 , 2016 , in fairfield , conn. trump has ...
wikileaks is in the process of taking visa , mastercard , and their local european partners to court over the blockade - recently winning a case in iceland against payment processor valitor.wikileaks ' latest move would see it take advantage of france ' s debit card system , known as carte bleue , to send donations via the net neutrality fund . our lawyers are waiting . ___ raphael satter can be reached at : http://raphae.li/twitter story_separator_special_tag dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only . according to a two-page financial report released by the ...
" we are in the 21st century and yet there is still no dignity for women as they have to go out in the open to defecate and they have to wait for darkness to fall , " he said . earlier , a bride of up ' s maharajganj district , priyanka bharti , was honoured for taking bold steps for construction of a toilet in her in-laws ' house . speaking from the ramparts of the red fort , the pm urged all parliamentarians to invest their mplad funds for building toilets in every school . according to a world bank report , lack of toilets and other proper sanitation costs india nearly $ 54 billion a year through hygiene-related illnesses , loss of productivity and a host of other problems .
” herrera has been investigating the corona ( riverside county ) -based maker of monster energy drinks since october under the state ’ s unfair competition law , targeting its marketing claims that the amount of caffeine in its products is “completely safe ” and that consumers “can never get too much of a good thing ! serving . city attorney dennis herrera ’ s attempt to curtail monster beverage corp. ” herrera , in a statement , vowed to aggressively fight what he termed “an apparently pre‐emptive lawsuit. ” story_separator_special_tag dow jones reprints : this copy is for your personal , non-commercial use only .
what ’ s jarring , though , is windows 8 ’ s split personality . it ' s been a challenge trying to separate issues that are due to the inherent bugginess of a pre-release , changes that i ' m just not used to , and things that are real problems . metro but here goes . apps snap open , and flipping between them is immediate . ) , is an excellent touchscreen operating system . first , a little background : windows 8 is a complete re-imagining of windows . everything is big , bright , smooth , and beautiful .
your physical activity level is also likely to oscillate based on the day ; individuals who actively commute to work may become more of a couch potato on the weekend . results : a pattern of daily weight changes was found ( p < 0.05 ) , with higher weight early in the week ( sunday and monday ) and decreasing weight during the week . an accurate description of weekly weight rhythms has not been reported yet - especially across people who lose weight versus those who maintain or gain weight . © 2014 s. then the weekend hits .
’ ” according to a sheriff ’ s report . at one point , she “grabbed a baby carrier and held it in front of her screaming , ‘you will have to shoot through the baby to get me ! ” police charge . while wright ( seen in the adjacent mug shot ) cursed and scremed at a deputy , two other small children -- a two-year-old boy and a four-year-old girl -- watched from the back seat . she fell down in the parking lot and fought the deputy as he tried to take her into custody .
it was so violent that the front of the ship lies 40 metres away from the other remains , ” says warming . “we also found large guns and a hand grenade . but shortly before , it had been under attack by danish and lübeckian warships according to written sources . crawls of supported " no more 404 " sites . between 800 and 1,000 men were on board . despite the large cannons , the swedish crew did not manage to avoid engaging in close quarter combat with their enemies . “it ’ s totally unique .
mccann said . " if an additional charge needs to be filed after further evidence is received , we can file those charges then . denver police had previously said they were awaiting the results of alcohol and drug tests before making an arrest . bishop , 29 , was off-duty and on vacation when the shooting happened . chase bishop , who is based in the bureau ' s washington field office , was charged tuesday with one count of second-degree assault , the denver district attorney ' s office said . among the options are termination , suspension or reprimand .
but as a bonus , with the extra time abe says he and a group of fellow homeless have organized themselves “like a union ” to panhandle in shifts . " being homeless is my business now , " hagenston told cnn affiliate wdiv . it ’ s all done safely and securely through square.com. not so fast . no problem . domain crawl of the luxembourg web domain ( .lu ) performed by internet archive on behalf of the national library of luxembourg / bibliothèque nationale de luxembourg in june and july of 2017 . there were an estimated 578,424 people experiencing homelessness across the country in 2014.
" photos : occupy l.a. the dispersal order came nearly four hours after the midnight sunday deadline for protesters to clear the lawn at city hall , where occupy l.a. protesters have camped out for two months . all the while , police looked on calmly . police officers carrying batons , plastic handcuffs and non-lethal weapons lined up on 1st street directly outside lapd headquarters in anticipation of possible arrests of protesters who were standing in the streets . confrontation is never good . andy smith said . 28 . the city has said it needs to erect fencing this week for work at dilworth plaza , including renovation of the septa tunnels and the addition of grass , a cafe , stage , and winter ice rink .
the people were not named but were said to be residents of the collbran and mesa areas . " this slide is unbelievably big , " mesa county lt. the area is remote . deputies described the slide area as unstable sunday night , and they estimated an entire ridge had been sliding for most of the day . areal flood advisory issued may 28 at 4 : 13am mdt expiring may 29 at 9 : 30pm mdt in effect for : grand , jackson flood advisory issued may 28 at 4 : 21pm mdt expiring may 29 at 10 : 21pm mdt in effect for : rio blanco flood advisory issued may 28 at 3 : 57pm mdt expiring may 29 at 9 : 57pm mdt in effect for : mesa flood advisory issued may 28 at 3 : 57pm mdt expiring may 29 at 9 : 57pm mdt in effect for : mesa flood advisory issued may 28 at 3 : 37pm mdt expiring may 29 at 8 : 31pm mdt in effect for : eagle flood advisory issued may 28 at 3 : 37pm mdt expiring may 29 at 8 : 31pm mdt in effect for : eagle flood advisory issued may 28 at 2 : 31pm mdt expiring may 29 at 8 : 31pm mdt in effect for : eagle flood warning issued may 28 at 1 : 42pm mdt expiring may 30 at 3 : 41pm mdt in effect for : routt flood advisory issued may 28 at 12 : 10pm mdt expiring may 29 at 6 : 01pm mdt in effect for : larimer flood advisory issued may 28 at 10 : 12am mdt expiring june 2 at 12 : 00pm mdt in effect for : weld flood warning issued may 28 at 10 : 00am mdt expiring may 29 at 9 : 00am mdt in effect for : weld story_separator_special_tag three people are missing on grand mesa in western colorado , possibly swept away by mudslide estimated at 2 miles wide , 4 miles long and 250 feet deep sunday evening , according to the mesa county sheriff ' s office .
the eu trade surplus with the u.s. is $ 151 billion , and canada keeps our farmers and others out , " he tweeted , adding , " look forward to seeing story_separator_special_tag president donald trump will depart canada straight for singapore , the site of his historic meeting with north korean leader kim jong un . ( associated press ) file- in this oct. under trump , the united states has abandoned its traditional role in the g-7 . and they championed a trading system that required countries to follow world trade organization rules . you can unsubscribe at any time .
loic venance/afp/getty images the awards ceremony for the 2017 cannes film festival took place on sunday , culminating with a palme d ’ or win for swedish director ruben östlund ’ s satire the square , variety reports . ( don siegel directed his own adaptation starring clint eastwood in 1971. while coppola was not present , she did release this statement : " i was thrilled to get this movie made and it ' s such an exciting start to be honored in cannes . " oh my god ! " they live in a kind of hell because of that , "
the documents filed in u.s. district court wednesday also indicate that ripley entertainment , which owns the duck boats , is another “target ” or “subject ” of the investigation . definitely on angels wings ! 13 to pursue possible federal criminal charges . those attempts have been unsuccessful . prayers for all. , specifically naming table rock lake . it isn ’ t known who that person is . the national weather service had issued a severe thunderstorm warning at 6 : 32 p.m. a viral video of the incident ended right before mckee ’ s boat went under .
an archive of the public statements deleted by u.s. politicians . explore the tweets they would prefer you couldn ' t see . if you aren ' t an elected official or running for office and feel your account is being tracked by mistake then please contact us . story_separator_special_tag an archive of the public statements deleted by u.s. politicians . story_separator_special_tag an archive of the public statements deleted by u.s. politicians . story_separator_special_tag an archive of the public statements deleted by u.s. politicians . story_separator_special_tag an archive of the public statements deleted by u.s. politicians . explore the tweets they would prefer you couldn ' t see .
adventures in state government . utah department of technology services employees took to social media to urge the tens of thousands of respondents to stop replying to the email chain that deluged state employees , contractors and businesses across utah . spencer cox added a little humor and weighed in on the " cc " calamity friday afternoon , " this is real and it ’ s an emergency . gov . ” premium content for only $ 0.99 for the most comprehensive local coverage , subscribe today . then the reply-all emails began . you always have the option to delete your tweet location history .
